Wetpaint offers an online social publishing platform that helps digital publishers grow their customer base.
Zoho offers a suite of business, collaboration and productivity applications including Customer Support, CRM, App Creator and more.
Digg Inc. operates a website that enables its users to find, read, and share the most interesting and talked about stories on the internet.
Facebook is an online social networking service that enables its users to connect with friends and family as well as make new connections.
Omnidrive provides online storage facilities that allow users to access, edit and share their files via a web browser.
Geni is an online community of genealogists collaborating to help individuals build their own family trees.
Flektor is a mash-up platform that enables consumers to create, remix, and share photos and videos on the internet.
Fox Interactive Media is a network of companies in the industry of media; news, education, and information services.
Twitter is a global social networking platform that allows its users to send and read 140-character messages known as “tweets.”
StumbleUpon is a discovery engine that finds and recommends personalized web content to its users.
Gizmoz develops proprietary patented 3D and animation technology to let users express themselves by creating realistic 3D characters.
Scribd is a digital library, featuring e-book subscription services on iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet.
Slacker, an interactive internet radio service company, enables customers to discover and listen to songs and other programs.
Lala, an online music discovery platform, allows users to create shareable playlists and stream, upload and purchase music tracks.
Helio, a mobile service that targets multimedia services for the youth market, runs a high-speed 3G network.
eBay, an online auction and e-commerce marketplace, enables people and businesses to buy and sell a wide variety of goods and services.
Wis.dm is a social network based around simple yes/no questions whose vision is to match up potential friends and create interest groups.
MeetMoi is a location-based dating site enabling members to meet others based on preferences and proximity.
Postini offers solutions that protect companies from malicious internet attacks.
Joost is an internet TV service that uses peer-to-peer TV (P2PTV) technology to distribute content.
To be able to contribute to society and to help those in need to build a better life, that is the ultimate meaning in life.
CBS8.com is an online platform that offers the latest news and information from San Diego.
Viacom is an American media conglomerate specializing in cable, satellite television networks and cinema.
Babelgum is a free integrated web and mobile video content platform available on-demand to a global audience.
Plaxo is a cloud-based online address book that synchronizes, updates and unifies the user's contacts across multiple sources.
Cisco Systems is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures and sells networking equipment.
Powerset is a search engine focused on in-depth natural language processing.
AddThis provides social engagement tools, APIs and services personalizing websites for engagement, monetization and traffic boosting.
OpenX provides digital and advertising technologies that optimize a company's advertising revenue.
Mahalo is an online web directory and knowledge-sharing service that helps individuals find the best information on the required topics.
Sparter is a virtual goods exchange for buying and selling virtual currencies in games like world of warcraft and everquest.
Kyte is an online, mobile video platform for companies to attract and monetize audiences by using social web capabilities and analytics.
Time Warner is a media and entertainment company that creates, packages and delivers high-quality content via multiple distribution outlets.
Thoof is an automated news recommender that displays articles based on users' past reading history.
Jingle Networks is a provider of advertising and technology solutions for voice and mobile business search.
Hearst Corporation is one of the nation’s largest diversified media and information companies.
STRANDS develops innovative software solutions that enable financial institutions & retailers to offer personalized customer experiences.
Ning by glam media is a SaaS-based platform for deploying vibrant social communities and websites.
LifeLock is an identity theft protection company that protects its members' personal information from being used by a third party.
Wesabe is a personal finance management website designed to help users manage their daily finance.
Prosper is a peer-to-peer lending marketplace, allowing people to invest in each other in a financially and socially beneficial way.
YouTube, a video-sharing platform, allows users to upload, view and share videos, including movie and music clips and amateur content.
blogTV is a live streaming and chat community that allows users to stream for free, video chat with friends, and view live broadcasts.
Livestream, a live video-streaming platform, allows users to watch, like and share live events via a suite of hardware and software tools.
Justin.TV is an online community for users to freely create, share, and broadcast live videos.
Ustream provides a live interactive broadcast platform.
GrandCentral provides users with a single phone number that can access all their numbers, such as mobile, home, and work numbers.
Ikan is a countertop unit that allows you to keep track of groceries you'll need on your next trip.
Delicious is a social bookmarking website to save, organize and discover links on the web.
Topix is a news community connecting people to information and discussions that matter to them in U.S. towns and cities.
Gannett is a media and marketing solutions company that publishes newspapers and operates news and advertising internet sites.
Jobster is a metasearch engine with personalizable search criteria that matches individuals with suitable job listings.
Pownce is a social network enabling users to send music, photos, messages, links, events, and other files of up to 250mb to friends.
Revision3 is a multi-channel internet television network that creates, produces and distributes web television shows on niche topics.
AllPeers, a software extension, allows users to share files, folders, web page images, and links from right within their Firefox browsers.
Aggregate Knowledge is a media intelligence company that enables advertisers to reach the highest performing customers on a single platform.
Zing Systems enables users to discover, collect, manage and share playlists.
ZenZui a new mobile browser that aims to make surfing the web on your mobile device easier through widgets.
Spock is a people and public information search engine.
Wize provides product reviews and information for individuals looking to shop online.
SodaHead has closed log in access to all of it's former members. It is now run by staff members only.
Hot or Not is a dating platform and an app allowing users to select people by viewing and rating their photos.
PopSugar is an online network of websites that offers updates, trends, and tips in entertainment, fashion, parenting, fitness, and shopping.
NBC Universal, a media and entertainment company, produces and markets entertainment, news and information content for a global audience.
Jajah is a VoIP provider enabling users to make international and long-distance calls at local rates.
Skype provides a software and mobile application that allows users to make voice and video calls and chat over the internet.
Gizmo5 is a voice over Internet protocol communications network and a proprietary freeware soft phone offering IM and VoIP calls.
fring is a mobile communications service that enables free mobile group video calls, video calls, voice calls and live chat.
iSkoot is an application that extends the reach of PC calling by allowing users to make and receive PC calls using their cell phones.
EQO enables people around the world to stay connected by bridging long distance mobile calls over cheaper IP lines.
AllofMP3 is a Russian web service selling digital music at a low price with no copy protection.
Amie Street is a web-based social music store that enables members to discover, download and share music.
SellaBand is an online platform that coordinates and executes recording sessions and fan funded music projects for artists.
Funny Or Die is a comedy video website that maintains quality user generated content by keeping only the videos with high ratings.
Since its inception the Steorn team has been focused on delivering complex technologies in innovative ways.
Surphace provides contextual content tools enabling online publishers to create an engaging reader experience.
iContact provides email marketing and social media marketing software and services to small and mid-sized companies.
MeeVee provides personalized TV and movie guides based on the user's favorite actors or genres.
blinkx is an internet media company connecting online video viewers with content publishers and distributors.
Zlio is a French startup enabling internet users to start a virtual store and sell products from other e-commerce services.
Yelp is an online urban guide that helps people find recommended destinations based on the informed opinions and reviews of a community.
Jaiku is a micro-blogging and social networking site that allows users to send short messages and comment on and post updates.
Tun3r is an internet radio station aggregator and search engine. It offers one point access to audio samples, playlists and full radio
TripUp is an interactive travel community enabling members to connect with others, share their travels, and access reviews.
Coghead is a WYSIWYG database-driven app service enabling non-developers to solve problems that require programming knowledge.
Zooomr is a website that provides its users with space to share photos with other users.
SideStep is a travel search engine that generates revenue via advertising and referral fees.
Farecast is an online service that provides users with intelligent airfare predictions.
Yapta is a travel website and browser add-on for tracking and booking flight tickets, and receiving airline refunds.
Dailymotion is a video-sharing website that allows users to upload, watch and share videos.
KickApps is a social publishing platform for creating social networks with added features, video players and widgets.
RockYou is an interactive media company that owns and partners with dozens of game titles across Facebook, web and mobile.
Last.fm is an online music catalogue providing users with personalized recommendations based on their taste in music.
ConVerdge provides a white label social networking service to both large organizations and small businesses.
Haute Secure is a security company providing crowdsourced malware security software.
Pageflakes is an Ajax-based start-page and personal web portal allowing users to create their own customized homepage for the web.
Instructables is a website specializing in user-created and uploaded do-it-yourself projects.
Squid Labs was founded in early 2004 by four passionate scientists & engineers. The vision of Squid Labs: Bring in consulting & contract
Netvibes provides a platform that enables people to personalize and publish their daily digital lives.
Swivel provides a service for visually sharing data.
Slide enables users to create and personalize widgets and use them on social networks, blogs and desktops.
SAY Media is a digital media company that provides a technology platform and media services for brands to engage with their audiences.
Metaweb Technologies develops a community-curated database and semantic data storage infrastructure for the web.
Flickr is a mobile application and social network that offers an online photo sharing network for its users.
Mode Media is a privately-held vertical media company with 6000+ lifestyle websites, including Mode., a consumer social platform.
TripHub is a service for planning group travel.
CrowdVine is a software company that provides social networks for conferences and other professional communities.
Linden Lab develops platforms with 3D virtual world solutions.
Broadband Mechanics provides PeopleAggregator, a white label social networking system, both as a downloadable and a hosted solution.
FeedBurner is a feed management service that allows blog owners and podcasters to share and track their feeds with powerful tools.
TheFind is an e-commerce shopping search engine providing a multichannel environment to personalize the shopping experience.
TVtrip is a video guide enabling travelers to discover, review and rate hotels.
Zazzle.com enables users to receive a commission on products that they design, create and sell.
Dogster is an online network enabling dog owners to create profiles of their dogs, share pictures and videos, and obtain expert advice.
Pandora Radio is the custodian of the Music Genome Project and provides internet radio and recommendation services.
MOO prints “MiniCards,” postcards, stickers, labels, and other stationery from users' photos or designs.
CafePress runs Cafepress.com, an e-commerce platform for artists and designers to sell stock and user-customized on demand products online.
PBworks is real-time collaborative editing software that enables businesses to interact with clients in a timely, participative atmosphere.
Groupsite offers a platform that allows users to create social networking and collaborative sites.
Seeking Alpha is a website for actionable stock market opinion and analysis, and financial discussion.
adBrite is an advertising exchange providing site-level transparency, display and video capabilities for advertisers and publishers.
Loomia is a content recommendation tool that suggests related web content to users.
Meebo is an advertising-supported embedded social media platform, developing products for enhancing user engagement across the web.
Eventbrite is a global marketplace for live experiences that lets people to find and create events.
LinkedIn, a professional networking site, allows its members to create business connections, search for jobs, and find potential clients.
FlickIM is an IM program for the iPhone that supports services such as Yahoo! Messenger, Windows Live Messenger, Google Talk, and AIM.
Jamendo is an online platform for free, legal & unlimited music, where artists can also make money from music licensing.
Newsvine, a community-driven news website, provides content from mainstream sources and enables members to publish articles and interact.
Gotuit is a provider of metadata technology that optimizes the value of stored video libraries for professional content publishers.
LifeShield is a monitored wireless security system that provides superior protection and the best value in-home security.
Terabitz is a personalized page service for real estate applications, allowing users to gather real estate tools, apps and data in one page.
Healthline Networks provides a website that enables individuals to search and learn about health information.
Social music sharing site.
Ticketmaster is an online retailer of tickets for events ranging from concerts to broadway shows to family events.
Carbonite provides internet-based backup solutions for individuals and businesses.
Conduit is a leading cloud-based software innovation company. Today, the company operates under its mobile brand, Como®.
Spot Runner, an internet-based advertising services company, transforms the way advertising is created, targeted, bought and sold on TV.
Kaboodle is a shopping site that lets users list their preferred products on the web while automatically downloading the details of them.
Edgeio offers a website that organizes and distributes classifieds and listings of various types.
Gigaom is a blog-related media company that offers news, analysis, and opinions on startups, emerging technologies.
Redfin provides real estate search and brokerage services through a combination of real estate web platforms and access to live agents.
Wink is a community-based social search engine enabling users to find people and their profiles.
Go2Web20.net is a directory of Web 2.0 applications and services.
coComment is an online service that allows users keep track of their comments on any website.
hotelicopter is a global hotel search-and-direct connect platform that features live rates, availability and content for hotels worldwide.
Zvents creates and operates local entertainment guides online.
MotionDSP sells advanced computer vision and image processing software that extracts real-time data from drone video.
Techmeme is a technology news aggregator.
Eventful is a digital media company that powers the online ecosystem of local events and entertainment.
Oodle is a social marketplace offering customers a web and mobile app for buying and selling products.
Upwork (formerly Elance-oDesk) is the largest freelance talent marketplace, connecting businesses with great talent faster than ever.
Simply Hired is a technology company that operates job search engines in 24 countries and 12 languages.
Vast offers decision-making tools that help and support customers in purchasing homes, cars, and vacations.
Ujogo is a rewards-based free online games site.
Recipezaar is an online food community allowing users to submit, review and rate recipes.
Scripps Networks Interactive develops lifestyle content for TV, internet satellite radio, books, magazines, and other media platforms.
GoingOn offers an academic social networking platform for students, faculty and administrators to effectively connect and share knowledge.
Flixster is a movie social networking site for discovering and learning about movies, and meeting others with similar tastes in movies.
Piczo is a social networking and blogging website for teenagers.
revlayer offers video advertising solutions for the bloggers and site owners that embed YouTube, Revver and others.
SK telecom is a wireless telecommunications operator in South Korea.
Cyworld is a virtual community that features content on food, entertainment, technology, and more.
PhotoBox is an online digital photo service for printing, storing and sharing digital pictures, and creating personalized products.
Parakey is a web-based operating system that synchronizes the user’s desktop environment with the web.
Socialtext is a company that produces enterprise social software via its integrated suite of web-based social apps.
Bazaarvoice helps brands capture, analyze and act upon social data, and enables authentic customer-powered marketing.
IceRocket is an internet search engine providing real-time search for blogs, Tweets, news and images.
barablu is an app that offers users with VoIP calling services from mobile phones.
PowerReviews is a leading provider of ratings, reviews and question and answer technology for brands and retailers.
ConnectMeAnywhere is a communications company offering a range of voice and data services.
Hi5 is a social networking site that allows its users to create, upload, and share content with other members.
if(we) is a company incubating social products to enable meaningful connections between people.
Basecamp is a project management tool that offers a variety of customer service options.
Indeed is an employment-related metasearch engine for job listings.
Jaxtr enables users to receive calls from their friends through a VOIP connection and keep their personal phone numbers private.
Action Engine is an on-device portal company focused on mobile advertising, mobile search, social networking and mobile entertainment.
Cerado provides Haystack, a social networking platform that connects multiple social networks, web sites and mobile web services.
NetSuite provides cloud computing business management software enabling companies to manage business operations in one integrated system.
ONEsite develops and launches social network plug-ins and community software with profiles, forums, comments, reviews and Q & A systems.
Going is a site that lets users connect with other event-goers before, during and after events.
WikiYou is a wiki-like site with a focus on people content. People content is presented in the form of biographies and stories. WikiYou
Genius is an online knowledge project that breaks down information with line-by-line annotations, added and edited by anyone in the world.
Wallhogs is a digital printing company that lets you make large prints of your favorite photos or digital images.
San Francisco based Dial Directions, is a voice-activated service that provides driving directions to all cell phone users.
Respectance, a memorial-based social networking site, enables users to create personalized memorial tributes for their passed away.
Curse is a global multimedia and technology company that creates content and products for gamers.
Jaman offers a movie discovery site that allows users to watch and preview international movies, indie films and trailers for free online.
eBuddy enables users of Facebook, MSN, Google, Yahoo Messenger, ICQ and AOL accounts to chat free of charge in one aggregated interface.
DeliveryEdge is a courier aggregation startup providing a system and method for aggregating subscriber information.
Grockit, an online test prep platform leveraging adaptive learning engine and offering social learning and game mechanics.
PeerMe is a free communication tool for peer-to-peer voice and instant messaging.
Kiptronic offers a platform for inserting video and audio ads into digital media for consumption on any device.
Visible Path is a business social network allowing users to organize and display their business contacts.
Real Time Matrix Corp, based in Berkeley ,CA, specializes in real time technology to enhance social media.
Zenfolio provides an all-in-one business and photo management solution for photographers to display, share, and sell their work online.
CollegeWikis is a group messaging and information platform for students.
King.com is a social game developer providing online games for global portals, websites and other media companies.
Vuze develops BitTorrent applications to enhance the utility of digital entertainment lifestyle and media.
JumpBox is a server software management company enabling users to deploy and manage different softwares for collaborative projects.
Phonezoo is a personalized mobile entertainment site that enables content creation, discovery, download and mobile personalization.
Droplet Technology develops an all-software mobile multimedia platform that meets image quality, power consumption and cost objectives.
LongJump provides easily customizable online databases, CRM and PaaS for business information management needs.
Relationals is a CRM and SFA (Sales Force Automation) software set.
Wishpot, an online wish list and wedding registry service, allows users to add items from stores, share with friends, and get price alerts.
ProfileBuilder is a centralized platform to manage your online presence. Once you've created a Profil.es profile and added your various
Truemors is a website that allows users to post information about people and events, and have them rated by viewers.
Nononina is the owner of Alltop, a website that provides information collected from news websites and blogs.
PodTech, a video podcasting network, covers technology topics such as Indian IT czars, new gadgets and digital media at music festivals.
NowPublic is a global crowdsourcing social news website of ordinary citizens.
PayScale provides compensation data to individuals and employers through its online tools and software.
Crackle is a multi-platform video entertainment network and studio, distributing movies, TV shows and programs in users’ favorite genres.
Sony Corp is a multinational conglomerate that develops electronic equipment, instruments, and devices.
National Banana is a comedy-video site bringing a new comedy community to the internet.
Hotswap offers a video-based platform for selling, finding and buying used cars.
Software Cellular Networks is the company behind Truphone, the developer of mobile telecommunication applications.
Rebtel is a VoIP company allowing users to make free international calls to mobile phones or PCs.
Wikia is an online platform that provides information related to several categories.
Conde Nast is a mass media company that publishes magazines, websites, and tablet and smartphone applications.
BuddyTV is an entertainment-based website offering user forums and news about TV programs, celebrities, and sporting events.
Retrevo is a consumer product discovery and eCommerce company recognized by Time Magazine as the Best Shopping Website of 2011.
Buxfer is online money management software for personal finance, account aggregation, budgeting, bill reminders and forecasting.
Qualcomm Incorporated is a semiconductor company that manufactures and markets digital wireless telecommunications products and services.
Nimbuzz is a free instant mobile messenger and calling app for Windows PC, Mac smartphones, and other mobile devices.
Tangler is an internet messaging tool with embedding and integration functionality that enables real-time discussions anywhere on the web.
TextPayMe is an SMS payment service that allows users to send money to others using text messages.
Obopay is a mobile application that allows consumers and businesses to purchase, pay, and transfer money through any mobile phone.
KushCash is a payment system that allows users to make cash transactions from anywhere via mobile devices.
BillMonk is a social money management tool that enables a group of friends to manage their financial transactions within their group.
PayPal provides online payment solutions to its users worldwide.
TalkPlus offers Voice 2.0 services for mobile networks by using VoIP technology.
Vudu is a content delivery and interactive media technology company distributing movies over the internet to television.
Associated Content is an online publishing platform that enables anyone to participate in the new content economy.
Outside.in is an aggregator aimed at creating a place for neighborhoods to share and explore information.
Club Penguin is an online virtual island where kids aged six to fourteen can play games and interact in an online playground.
The Walt Disney Company is a media and entertainment enterprise comprising of studios, parks, products and media networks.
Brightcove, a provider of cloud content services, offers products used to publish and distribute professional digital media.
PermissionTV is an enterprise video platform that powers intelligent and interactive video applications for marketers and publishers.
WebbAlert is a daily (Monday - Thursday) video news show hosted by X-Play's Morgan Webb. Launched in August of 2007, the site's focus is on
Rocketboom is an episode-based three minute daily video blog based in New York City.
Wallstrip is a daily business satire news video blog.
InsiderPages is a social platform where people read and make recommendations on local businesses and services.
Citysearch is an online city guide that provides reviews and recommendations of hotels, shops, night clubs, services and more.
AOL provides various digital brands, products, and services to consumers, advertisers, publishers, and subscribers worldwide.
Limelight Networks provides content delivery network services to deliver digital content over the internet.
Judy’s Book is a web community that allows users to swap recommendations on restaurants and local businesses with their friends.
Snapfish is a photo sharing and hosting service that allows individuals to create customized digital prints and gifts using their photos.
Barbie Girls is an online virtual world that provides videos, games and activities for girls aged 6-16.
Mattel, Inc. (Nasdaq: MAT) is the worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of toys and family products.
Kaneva is an online 3D virtual world that supports 2D social networking, shared media, web browsing and online community interaction.
IMVU is a social entertainment website where members use 3D avatars to meet new people, play games, and develop online communities.
madKast provides widgets that enable people to share news and blog posts with others via a single click.
Userplane is a hosted social discovery platform and a white-label service providing chat and one-to-one messenger services.
Red Light Center is a multi-user reality site providing users with virtual nightclubs, hotels, bars, movie theaters and stores.
Outdoorzy is a social blog with tips, tricks, how-tos and in depth articles regarding Camping, Hunting and Fishing.
Webkinz offers plush pets and a virtual world for kids, where they can care for their pet and play games with other virtual pet owners.
Zwinky is a game enabling users to chat with others and make friends.
There is an online virtual world where individuals can explore, meet friends and play games.
Makena Technologies provides 3D online services.
Mokitown is a virtual world that allows children to play online games and interact with one another.
Active Worlds is a 3D virtual reality platform enabling users to build, enter and move about in worlds and interact with others.
Sulake is an online entertainment company focused on virtual worlds and social networking.
Neopets is a virtual pet world where users own virtual pets and buy virtual items for them using virtual currencies.
Gaia Interactive owns and operates online gaming platforms, and designs, develops, and markets mobile games.
Dubit creates apps that delight, entertain, and educate kids; we run agile development teams for famous brands and innovative startups.
Viagogo is an online event ticket marketplace for secondary buyers and sellers.
KnockaTV is a video company offering community-based services.
Faketown is a 2D virtual world that involves gaming and social networking and is played directly on the web browser.
Millsberry is a video game created by General Mills as a marketing tool for promoting their products, services and company.
General Mills is one of the world's largest food companies.
Fuzzwich is an online animation platform developed by Habit Industries.
Nirvanix offers cloud storage solutions to avoid downtime losses for customers expecting security reliability and redundancy levels.
MyToons is an online animation community enabling global content creators to share their artwork, animations and games with others.
Aniboom is an online production studio that produces animation through its database of creators worldwide.
Meetro is a multi-network social messenger with location-based services.
Affinity Circles provides social networking software for alumni and trade organizations, helping members locate career opportunities.
AlstraSoft provides a range of components for organizations who want to add functionality to their websites.
Lotame is a data management platform that collects and organizes audience data segments.
Sharetronix is an open-source micro blogging platform that enables users to exchange ideas and multimedia in real time.
BoonEx builds open-source social network software for SMBs, local clubs, hobbyists, niche communities and interest groups.
Intense Debate allows blog owners to track and moderate comments from one place using threading, comment analytics, and aggregation.
Clipmarks offers a plug-in that enables users to bundle and share selections of content from web pages.
Forbes is an American business website that features articles on finance, industry, investing, and marketing topics.
Adobe is a software company that provides its users with digital marketing and media solutions.
DZOIC provides downloadable social networking software called Handshakes Professional.
GoLightly develops community-building software with social networking, collaboration and fund raising features.
introNetworks develops social networks that can be customized to suit the needs of client businesses.
Kwiqq provides a social networking platform for corporations and entrepreneurs.
Leverage Software develops enterprise-ready social networks that enhance the knowledge and expertise of employees in an organization.
Lithium Technologies develops SaaS-based software that provides social customer management for enterprises.
DabbleDB is an application that enables users build multiple database applications from a single database or spreadsheet.
LiveWorld offers a customizable platform with social networking features that can be integrated into company sites.
Echo provides the widest range of highly customizable engagement products used by the biggest brands & media companies in the world.
GreatCall provides wireless mobile products and services that help people stay connected and healthy.
INgage delivers network experience solutions that strengthen the connections of online working environments.
Omnifuse is a social technology marketing company that also provides a social networking application framework called FUSION.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education and information services.
Pringo provides Web 2.0-rich, web-based platforms that enable organizations to transform their portals into omni-directional communities.
Mzinga provides hosted, enterprise-level social networking solutions to media companies.
SelectMinds delivers networking and referral technologies that help companies form and empower current and former employees as referrers.
Revver is a video sharing website hosting user-generated content and offering ad revenue share.
Because you shouldn't need to give out your personal contact info for a free moving quote.
Veoh is an Internet TV service enabling viewers to discover, watch and personalize their online viewing experience.
Metacafe is a website providing short-form video entertainment in movies, video games, sports, music and TV.
Diet TV provides users with the means to explore and find the right diet for them, and the tools to stick with their diet program.
MindTouch is a cloud-based web platform for knowledge collaboration and multi-channel delivery of customer support documentation.
ChaCha is a free mobile Q&A service in the U.S. enabling advertisers and marketers to reach and engage their customers in real-time.
Flock is a web browser providing social networking and Web 2.0 facilities.
Small World Labs provides white-label social networking solutions for nonprofits and member-based organizations.
Social Platform creates white label social networks.
Spartasocialnetworks provides enterprises with social networking solutions, deep domain expertise and support.
Telligent Systems provides an enterprise-grade social community suite that connects with customers, prospects, partners and employees.
VMIX Media provides carrier-class online video publishing and communication solutions for high-volume video producers.
Web Crossing provides white label social networking services for businesses.
Webligo Developments is a company that develops and markets applications and services related to social media.
Web Scribble provides sophisticated job board solutions for niche sites, media companies, and associations.
Kontera provides content marketing, social marketing, and actionable analytics to enable brands to optimize results.
Crowd Factory is a SaaS-based social marketing platform helping businesses to connect with new customers and promote their business.
ThePort Network develops social networking and media products for organizations that require exceptional care for constituent bases.
Sportingo is a sports news company that provides a global platform for sports fans to write, talk and consume sport media online.
Akamai® is the leading provider of cloud services for helping enterprises provide secure, high-performing user experiences on any device.
Curverider develops socially-enabled software that allows organizations to increase knowledge-sharing and productivity.
TimeBridge is a Web-based software application for coordinating, running meetings and online collaboration.
Yoomba is a service that enables anyone with an e-mail address to send and receive IM and VoIP calls without creating new user accounts.
Snocap is a digital rights and content management company helping content owners register their content and set business rules.
IODA was a leading distribution and marketing services company for the global independent content community.
YellowBot is a hyper-local search engine and community discussion resource.
Jimdo enables users to create a website on a computer, smart phone or tablet using a simple intuitive interface.
Pubsub is an advanced search company planning to go live with a search engine by Winter 2008.
TokBox offers an API platform that allows users to add group video chat features to their website or mobile app.
Sampa is a web platform for families and friends to share stories, photos, events and milestones.
Six Apart is a software company best known for creating the Movable Type blogware, TypePad blog hosting service, and Vox.
Weebly is a consumer service that lets people create a website, blog or online store.
Yola is a web development and hosting company that enables users with no prior programming knowledge to develop websites.
RealEditor editor is designed to make editing your MySpace layout as easy as possible. With built in access to Flickr and Photobucket, you
BitTorrent is a protocol that creates advanced technologies to efficiently move large files across the internet.
Mobi TV offers an end-to-end platform delivering live and on-demand video to any screen, connecting media reliably and on any device.
Dropbox's mission is to provide a home for everyone's most important information and bring it to life.
Splashup is a web-based image editor that integrates with Flickr, Facebook and Picasa.
Anywhere.FM is a music player that enables users to upload music collections and play them anywhere from the web.
Kongregate is a casual gaming social network enabling developers and gamers to upload their games, gain ranking and earn awards.
DanceJam is a social media destination for dance lovers to watch people dance, learn and share their dancing moves online.
Sleep.FM offers an online social alarm clock triggered by personalized messages and media sent by friends, weather reports, and others.
EventVue builds online communities that improve conference networking by enabling attendees to search for and connect with others.
Socialthing synchronizes personal information and enables users to manage multiple social networking feeds from a single web dashboard.
J-Squared Media develops media rich applications that enhance the online social experience.
Search to Phone offers mobile directory assistance solutions that connect users' needs with local providers.
Villij is a collaborative platform connecting people with similar interests.
Filtrbox provides a social media monitoring platform for marketers, PR professionals, brand managers, and customer service teams.
Brightkite is a location-based social discovery network that allows users to 'check in' by using text messages or mobile apps.
Bountii is a price search engine focusing on electronics.
Eventbee provides web-based event management software that enables maximum ticket sales to event managers.
RegOnline is an event management software solution for organizing events, meetings and conferences.
Cloudant provides a distributed database-as-a-service that scales and manages the databases of web and mobile app developers.
SlapVid is a video site based on P2P technology that allows users to find and watch videos pulled from top sites.
Waterfall Mobile develops web-based software products for mobile campaign and emergency notification management.
Sun Microsystems is a multinational vendor of computers, computer software and hardware, and information technology services.
Zivity offers a subscription and fan interaction platform enabling fans to interact with artists and vote for their favorite content.
SuicideGirls is a platform displaying pictures of models who have tattoos, piercings and other physical traits.
eXpresso provides SaaS-based, real-time document collaboration services for Microsoft Office.
Goowy Media offers flash-based desktop apps that help users share and communicate on the web.
MySpace is a social networking site that enables members to make friends, write blog posts, add music, and customize their MySpace pages.
InviteShare links people with invites to beta services to those without. Anyone can add themselves to one or more of the roughly 50 waiting
Jooce is a Flash-based web operating system enabling cybercafé users to manage their IM, email, storage, media and widgets securely.
A9, a subsidiary of Amazon.com, develops product search and advertising technology.
Doostang, a part of Talent Inc., is an online career network connecting individuals with finance and consulting jobs.
JumpTV is an internet television carrier broadcasting its diverse content online.
G.ho.st offers a free virtual computer that hosts all the users' data and applications on the web, making it accessible via any platform.
Helium is an online writing community enabling writers to submit articles, capture publisher writing assignments bounties, and get paid.
Docstoc is an electronic document repository providing professional, financial and legal documents for the business community.
Vlingo is a virtual assistant that uses voice-to-text technology and NLP to understand the user’s intent and take appropriate action.
AwarenessHub is a flexible knowledge-based social marketing platform enabling firms to find, understand and engage prospects and customers.
ZYB is a mobile phone utility and social networking site providing back-up services for phone data such as messages and calendar events.
DotBlu is an online betting platform allowing users to place friendly bets on a variety of subjects ranging from sports to technology.
Covestor develops portfolio sync technology that enables investors to select investment management talents for online marketplaces.
Mevio, an entertainment website, is engaged in the production of technology, music, sports, health and fitness, and comedy content.
PureVideo is an online video portal that enables users to upload and browse videos by category.
Shock Treatment Management is a business management organization helping companies in negotiation, publicity, and marketing strategies.
Sitrion is a social collaboration platform and software for enterprises.
Pluck provides social media software for companies that create communities around their existing web properties.
FilmLoop provides a free software enabling people and businesses to broadcast, find, and share digital images.
BitPass is an online payment system allowing users to deposit money in an online account and pay for digital contents and services.
Alibaba is a Chinese e-commerce company operating online marketplaces for both international and domestic China trade.
Kelkoo is a price comparison site providing information on technology and non-technology brands.
Sezmi is a cloud-based video delivery platform for television providers to deliver services over IP devices.
Art is an e-commerce website selling fine arts, prints and decorations made by artists and photographers.
Atom Entertainment is an internet entertainment company that aggregates and distributes casual games.
CinemaNow is an internet-based digital video distribution company providing downloadable movies, TV shows and music videos.
Global Grind is a digital media company that offers a platform featuring hip hop-related content that users can submit, vote and comment on.
Digital Chocolate is a video game developer and publisher specialized in casual and social games for the web, Facebook, and mobile phones.
eHarmony is an online dating website that matches highly compatible singles with each other.
Friendster is a social gaming site focused on providing users with entertainment and fun.
Heavy is a video ad network providing breaking news, entertainment and celebrity gossip.
Info.com is a search engine portal that returns results from other search engines, including Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, and Ask.
JotSpot provides structured wiki software for small to medium-sized businesses.
Meetup is an app for finding people in your town who share your interests, so you can meetup and build a real community.
Mercora is the company behind Social.fm, a DJ application for web and mobile users.
NetRatings is an internet audience measurement and analysis and is a source of online advertising intelligence.
Nielsen Holdings is a global information and measurement company that helps businesses better understand their markets.
BuzzMetrics measures consumer-generated media to help companies better understand consumer needs, reactions and issues.
Musicgremlin provides a wireless portable music player allowing users to download music from a central catalog and share it with each other.
Orb Networks provides digital media streaming solutions for digital home and remote access applications.
Exabre is a software developer providing recommendation solutions for entertainment and retail marketplaces.
The Filter delivers world-class recommendation, personalisation and insight services for digital media and retail businesses.
ReachLocal is a provider of online marketing solutions for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Greystripe is a mobile advertising platform providing advertisers, developers and publishers with digital marketing solutions.
SHOP.COM is a comparison shopping site enabling online shoppers to purchase in various partner stores using one shopping cart.
Sling Media is a technology company that provides multi-screen smart TV solutions for consumers and television operators.
Trulia is an online real estate platform providing information on properties and real estate professionals for home buyers and more.
WeatherBug is a provider of weather information services in the U.S., generating live neighborhood-level frequent reports.
KIT digital is a video management software and services company providing end-to-end video management software and services.
Conduit Labs is a Boston-based social entertainment company developing music video games.
Zappos is an online retailer specializing in shoes and apparel.
Zango offers a collection of free games, videos and other downloads.
Affinity is a contextual advertising network building innovative contextual advertising, media, and monetization solutions.
BlueLithium is an online advertising network focused on serving ads based on behavioral targeting of its users.
ContextWeb is a digital media services company providing real-time online ad performance data for businesses and brands.
Datran Media is a digital marketing technology company providing advertising solutions, audience analytics, and email marketing services.
DG is an advertising hub for creating, managing, distributing and optimizing multiscreen campaigns across broadcast and digital channels.
Fathom Online provides services and technology solutions for marketers to plan, manage and optimize advertising for search engines.
Hitwise delivers daily insights to online consumer behavior to help marketers increase the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns.
Pixsy is an image and video search engine that licenses its technology to external media sites. This company is unrelated to Pixsy Inc.
Zopa offers peer-to-peer loans with low rates, flexible terms, and no early repayment fees.
Veotag allows end users to add visual search to audio and video, and makes videos searchable from outside search engines.
GUBA, Inc. provides online entertainment services. It enables users to browse, download, and share videos on the Internet. The company
GoFish is an entertainment and media company that specializes in aggregating and distributing premium content on a network of sites.
Connecting people through lending to alleviate poverty. Leveraging the internet and a worldwide network of microfinance institutions.
Lending Club is the nation’s leading online credit marketplace, using technology to lower the cost of the traditional banking system.
TubeMogul is an enterprise software company for digital branding. Brands use the TubeMogul Platform to execute their global video ad spend.
Bix operates a website that allows users and advertisers to create, enter into and judge online contests.
Burnlounge's primary business is its online music store.
TechTarget is an online IT media related firm operating websites for targeted technical content and technology providers.
Shopzilla manages a portfolio of online shopping brands that helps shoppers discover, review, and buy goods online.
Serves audiences and businesses through a growing portfolio of television, radio and digital media brands.
Shopping.com is a global online shopping comparison website allowing consumers to compare prices and read product reviews.
dpreview is a digital camera review site publishing reviews and news on the latest digital cameras.
Sabre merchandises and retails travel products, and provides distribution and technology solutions for the travel industry.
Lastminute is a website for purchasing all types of travel and entertainment event tickets.
SpiralFrog is an advertising-supported online music service offering legal music and video downloads.
TripOvation is a travel merchandise and booking website.
Gemini Mobile Technologies develops wireless software infrastructure solutions for mobile carriers and content providers.
Orbitz Worldwide is an online travel company, using technology to transform the way consumers around the world plan and purchase travel.
United Online, Inc. (Nasdaq: UNTD) is a leading provider of consumer products and services over the Internet.
Classmates.com is a social networking site that helps members find, connect, and keep in touch with friends and acquaintances.
Multiply is an online social marketplace based in SouthEast Asia.
Crowdstorm is a price comparison website that helps users find products by combining savings with user reviews and opinions.
Yeigo offers VoIP services that allow mobile phone users to make free calls.
Nextag is a price comparison service website where buyers and sellers can negotiate prices for computers and other electronics products.
ACTIVE Network is a cloud platform providing activity and participant management solutions for enterprises.
Tribal Fusion is a technology-enabled media services company that offers digital marketing solutions for advertisers and publishers.
AT&T is a telecommunications company that provides wireless communications, local exchange, and long-distance services.
Yellow pages is an online business directory enabling users to search local listings, contacts, email addresses and websites.
VTap is a video search engine designed for broadband-enabled phones.
Network Solutions provides domain registration, e-commerce, SEO, online promotion, hosting and email services for small businesses.
Modem Media offers interactive marketing services such as consulting, research, website design and more.
We are a global marketing and technology agency that transforms businesses for the digital age.
Webshots is a photo sharing website providing wallpapers and screensavers from a gallery of professional stock photography.
LimeLife is a digital media company publishing a women’s lifestyle site. It began as one of the first mobile apps publishers.
Advertising.com, now a part of ONE by AOL, enables marketers to reach consumers via programmatic buying and performance-driven campaigns.
CTS Media is an instream online video advertising network serving ads at the beginning, middle or end of any video.
OpenTable allows users to discover and make online restaurant reservations and read reviews from other diners.
Tickle Inc. is a media company providing self-discovery and social networking services.
MIVA is a digital media company offering e-commerce software and services to small and medium-sized businesses.
MocoSpace is a mobile gaming community for playing games, making friends, and staying connected.
Adknowledge is a digital advertising technology company, specializing in video, social, apps/mobile, email and content recommendation.
Burst Media provides digital advertising solutions for independent web publishers and brand advertisers.
Casale Media is a tech company providing online display and advertising services to optimize the value of premium content for brands.
Third Screen Media provides a platform that enables advertisers, publishers and carriers to buy and sell mobile advertising.
LocaModa creates, produces and manages multi-channel marketing programs for brands and agencies.
Rooftop Media develops systems to produce audio and video programming for media channels.
airG's is a mobile software pioneer releasing its first service in 2000. In 2014 airG had over 100 million subscribers and $1 billion in pro
YouBeQB is a unique startup that allows fantasy sports fans to get even more involved with both NFL and college football games.
eMusic is a digital music service allowing subscribers to discover and download music.
Vivendi is a mass media and telecommunications company providing music, television, film, publishing, telecommunications and more.
St. Louis' Ramped Media builds community-based web products. Founded in February, 2006, their first project is IMThere, a user-driven
ChannelAdvisor offers cloud-based e-commerce solutions that enable retailers to integrate, manage and optimize their sales activities.
Yap pioneered a high accuracy, automated speech recognition platform for long duration dialogues.
Frazr is a European micro-blogging platform offering web hosting services in Germany, France and Spain.
Tizra offers a digital publishing platform that enables users to create websites for document distribution and management applications.
Deliver Agent is a provider of shopping-enabled entertainment, redefining how entertainment-related products are catalouged and sold online.
GoChongo is an online entertainment website that allows members to post, promote, rate, comment on, and vote for the best content.
Minglebox is an India-based education network offering content on colleges, courses, exams, admissions and higher education news.
http://www.thealarmclock.com/mt/archives/2007/05/stealth_mode_zi.html
TestFreaks is an impartial and trusted source for enabling product and seller review content for leading e-commerce web sites.
Itiva assists websites to create online content and subpages for a wider user experience.
Quattro Wireless, a global mobile advertising company, enables advertisers and publishers to reach and engage their target audiences.
BlogSigs is a utility developed by two VCs in order to help bloggers drive readers to their blogs.
Videojug develops entertainment and training videos, retail product films, and coverage of live events to connect brands and consumers.
iVillage is an online network focusing on categories targeted at women, including entertainment, beauty and style, family, food and health.
Primedia is a digital advertising company allowing consumers to find apartments and houses for rent and sale.
BBE, a producer and distributor of original, web-based programming solutions, offers a platform for serving, tracking and managing ads.
Community Connect develops niche social networking sites for ethnic groups in the U.S. such as AsianAvenue, BlackPlanet and MiGente.
Provider of software and managed services for creating, controlling and connecting rich media to consumers via mobile devices.
MyLife is the leader in helping people protect their personal privacy, identity & public image online.
Tacoda provides behavioral targeted online advertising services, delivering ads to consumers based on their web surfing habits.
Thumbplay is a cloud-based music subscription service that provides audio, video and gaming content for mobile device users.
Fotolog is a social networking site that enables members to express themselves through online photo diaries and blogs.
Y2M is a marketing services company representing the online editions of college newspapers via their CollegePublisher.com network.
Lycos is the legendary internet brand with two divisions - Lycos Media and Lycos Advertising.
Xfire provides social gaming and networking services, shares in-game screen shots and videos, and live-streams gameplay.
http://www.thealarmclock.com/mt/archives/2007/05/stealh_payforpe.html
Sconex is an online social networking community connecting high school students.
Alloy provides non-traditional media programs that can reach targeted consumer segments.
Mixercast allows users to create embeddable slide show widgets.
Wonga is an online payday lender that offers short-term personal cash loans to UK consumers.
Tungle.me enables users to schedule meetings across organizations, calendar systems, and time zones.
Friends Reunited is a social networking site enabling users to trace old friends and organize reunions.
IGN Entertainment offers services primarily to video game, lifestyle, and entertainment enthusiast markets worldwide.
SnapTell provides an integrated mobile marketing solution for brands to deploy campaigns, and consumers to access content on the go.
Trade Me, the place where Kiwis buy and sell online.
Care.com is an online web portal for finding suitable caregiver services for child care, senior care, housekeeping, pet care, and more.
Marchex is a mobile advertising company providing a software suite for businesses that depend on consumer phone calls to drive sales.
Tutor.com offers live, on-demand tutoring and homework help services online for math, science, social studies and English.
PriceGrabber offers e-commerce solutions for shoppers in reaching its consumer audience via computer and mobile devices.
MicroPlace is a social business offering microfinance loans via internet and PayPal to retail investors.
mTraks is a social music community and digital music marketplace that promotes and distributes independently produced DRM-free music.
GeoIQ is a web-based location analysis platform offering data sharing, risk mitigation and real-time analysis services.
Spiceworks is the professional network for the IT industry.
iJigg is a social music site that allows users to vote on submitted singles using Digg-like voting.
www.MyHeritage.com is the leading destination to discover, preserve and share your family history.
ContraStream provides socially filtered indie music with digg-style recommendations. With a giant sea of indie music being released all the
Videohybrid is a video site with social features such as video requests, streaming, voting and commenting.
Finetune is a Flash-based social music site that allows music fans to discover and listen to playlist-based music.
Danal, Inc. is a provider of mobile business solutions, enabling mobile payments, mobile commerce, marketing, and mobile wallet services. 
Collagr is an online platform for creating collages.
CircleLending is a specialty loan administration company managing person-to-person loans within a social network.
Virgin USA is an investment group focused on the fields of mobile telephony, travel, finance, leisure, music, holidays and health.
Maya’s Mom is a social interactive site enabling parents to share their thoughts via “journals” and receive general parenting advice.
BabyCenter, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, is a website providing conception, pregnancy, birth, and early childhood related information.
PlaceBlogger is a project to accumulate all the geo-annotated news and articles from around the web.
Wefi, the Mobile Data Analytics Company, provides unparalleled visibility into the mobile user experience and the apps ecosystem.
Ruckus is a college-only digital entertainment service enabling students with similar music interests to connect with each other.
Xora offers a suite of configurable mobile apps and a web-based management application that helps mobile businesses operate efficiently.
OMGPOP is a developer and publisher of multiplayer, social and mobile games.
Daylife is a cloud-based media platform offering digital media management tools and content feeds to publishers and brand marketers.
PixSense monetizes user generated mobile media and allows users to save and store their mobile phone photos without syncing them with a PC.
Behance is an online platform that enables creative professionals to showcase and discover creative work via online portfolios.
Waywire provides cloud-based video curation solutions for the online publishing, community, and ad network markets.
Yugma is a web conferencing software that enables people to instantly connect over the internet to communicate and share content and ideas.
Myndnet is an information marketplace -- a marketplace that allows anyone with knowledge to share it and get paid for it.
Glimpse is a fashion site that allows users to search for clothes, shoes, cosmetics and accessories.
Hulu is an online video service offering hit shows, movies and documentaries through its website, Hulu.com, and other destination sites.
Ourstory is a browser-based application that allows its users to share happenings in their life via photos, and videos on a timeline.
Story of My Life is a social networking site that enables users to write their life story, and share it securely with friends and family.
BrightSpot.tv is a new advertising model that provides users with discounted (or free) subscriptions to content providers like Napster, MLB
ContactOffice Group S.A. is an European software publisher specialized in virtual office solutions (SaaS or licence).
CrowdSpirit is a crowdsourcing community that designs electronic products and allows the community to fine tune and vote on.
SayNow is a free service that lets fans and celebrities connect with one another via voice and text messaging.
Crunchyroll is a video service provider for Japanese animated productions and Asian media services.
Ripl is a college-based social networking site.
AdMob is a mobile advertising network that helps app developers monetize and promote their mobile and tablet apps with ads.
FAROO is a P2P web search engine using a distributed crawler that stores search data on users' computers.
Alawar Entertainment, based in Russia, develops and publishes casual and mini games for the web.
Parlano offers MindAlign, which is an enterprise-level team collaboration and messaging product for businesses.
Swatchbox Technologies allows its users to make virtual design tools to explore home designing options before purchasing.
Teach the People is a Facebook application for online education that enables users with specific subject knowledge to share it with others.
SocialMedia.com is involved in digital advertising through people-powered advertisements, leveraging people’s social relationships.
4INFO’s patented big data mobile technology has tied 152 million mobile devices to 101 million U.S. households.
Musicshake is an online music community allowing the general public to create, listen, discover and share originally-created music.
BeFunky is a photo editing application enabling users to edit, save and share photos in social networks.
Trutap operates as a mobile social network company that offers group messaging, profiles, blogging and photo sharing services.
JupiterMedia operated image assets. It was acquired by Getty Images in 2008 and changed its name to WebMediaBrands.
PeekYou is a people search engine that allows its users to find and contact individuals online.
Jive is a social communication and collaboration platform providing business software solutions to mobile companies.
GotStatus is a community-driven systems management and monitoring tool that aims to be Google Analytics for servers.
Demand Media is a diversified Internet company that builds platforms across its media and marketplace properties.
ZocDoc is the beginning of a better healthcare experience for millions of patients every month.
WooMe is an online dating app that connects people who have common ground.
TripIt is a trip planner that enables its users to create a master travel itinerary and provide them with online and mobile access.
PubMatic is the marketing automation software company that powers the advertising strategy for premium publishers.
GENWI enables content publishers to create live and engaging apps with a cloud-based mobile Content Management System (mCMS).
Kerpoof is a website that allows the creation and sharing of art, stories and animated movies using a simple 3D interface for children.
Cognitive Code, a privately-held company that develops and deploys practical conversational artificial intelligence systems.
Cake Financial is a social investment service that allows individuals to track all their investments in one online portfolio.
Founded by the creators of SQL++, App2you provides rapid development platforms for building custom analytics applications.
Orgoo is a web mail service that brings together and organizes different mail accounts, contacts, and IM friends in one page.
HylioSoft is a French web-based software company focused on developing internet applications.
Wixi is a social media network where users interact with each other by privately watching, posting and sharing content.
Believe Digital is a music digital distribution company for independent labels and artists.
YourStreet is a website that maps news articles for specific streets.
PrepMe is an adaptive learning platform that provides online courses and tutoring for standardized assessment tests.
GlobalMotion Media develops travel applications that bring together online, mobile, and location-aware technologies.
Ceedo Technologies is a virtualization software company developing solutions for Windows desktop environments.
Founded in January 2005, Snoozester is a leading provider of scheduling and notification services for consumers and businesses.
Flowplay develops browser-based virtual world technology and multiplayer casual games.
vive is where friendly people from all over the world come together to video chat with those who share their interests.
in2apps is a SaaS-based platform that develops websites and web applications for companies and organizations.
Extreme Reality provides software-based, motion analysis and control for computing devices and operating systems via a standard camera.
Feedjit is a real-time traffic feed providing clients an insight into visitors who come into their blog or website.
RotoHog is a digital platform developer that designs, implements and markets fantasy sports games for media, sports and other companies.
Balihoo offers SaaS-based Local Marketing Automation tech and services to franchises and national brands to execute digital campaigns.
HealthCare.com is an online healthcare search and comparison engine. "Kayak.com for health insurance"
Pump Audio is an independent music agent licensing and advertising television, film, and web clients.
Trivop is an online hotel review portal claiming to be the first videoguide for hotels. In essence, Trivop.com allows consumers to start
Viewpoints is a consumer reviews and product ranking website that provides product intelligence for shoppers to make better decisions.
RatePoint is a provider of customer feedback and online reputation management services.
Smartsheet is an online project management and collaboration tool with a spreadsheet-like interface and file sharing features.
RAMP, a SaaS-based platform processing digital content, enables companies to drive increased discovery across search and social sites.
find an event. tell friends. buy tickets. iggli's invite means you no longer have to leave an event website to invite your friends. When
OneRiot is a network of mobile apps that analyzes mobile social media activity to determine audience characteristics.
SplashCast offers a service for users to watch their favorite TV shows via Facebook and MySpace.
Standout Jobs is a recruiting portal aimed at facilitating relationship-building between mid-sized companies and job candidates.
Snooth Media is a technology-driven media company delivering wine, spirits and food content to epicurean consumers.
Tumri is an advertising platform enabling advertisers to craft highly-targeted marketing messages to consumers on-the-fly.
Twango is an online photo and video-sharing service that enables users to organize and share photos, videos and other personal media.
Cartoon Doll Emporium, an online playland for girls aged 7 to 17, offers virtual dress-up games, flash games, forums, and a social network.
Fisher is a Seattle-based communications and media company focused on creating, aggregating.
Auctomatic offers an auction and marketplace management system for individual sellers on the website.
ChessPark is an online portal for chess lovers, connecting a wide audience of casual, club, and professional players.
MuseStorm provides an online platform for authoring, distributing, analyzing and monetizing widgets.
UpDown, a virtual investing platform, allows investors to improve their skills through collaboration, competition and aggregated knowledge.
Clickable solves a problem other advertising technologies do not address- the Company helps advertisers and brands measure.
5min Media is a syndication platform for lifestyle, knowledge and instructional videos.
Dopplr is a social networking service enabling frequent travelers to create itineraries of their travel plans and share them with friends.
Rakuten LinkShare Corporation, now Rakuten Affiliate Network, provides eCommerce businesses with affiliate marketing services.
Rakuten is a tech company that offers electronic commerce solutions in Japan and internationally.
Rakuten is a tech company that offers electronic commerce solutions in Japan and internationally.
ValueClick is an online marketing company providing internet advertising solutions for web site publishers and advertisers.
webclients offers performance based direct marketing on the internet.
8020 Publishing is a media company that allows online communities to take an active role in creating its final print magazines.
provider of ringback tones, music on-demand, mobile games, ringtones, messaging and information services to wireless carriers.
RealNetworks is a provider of internet streaming media delivery software developing RealAudio, RealVideo, RealPlayer and RealDownloader.
Media Machines is a San Francisco-based company that develops 3D virtual worlds creation tools.
Nokia is a leader in the fields of network infrastructure, location-based technologies and advanced technologies. Headquarter in Finland.
VeriSign Authentication Services provides network infrastructure, security and telecommunications services for companies and individuals.
Jamdat Mobile is a publisher of wireless entertainment applications including games, ringtones, images and other content.
Electronic Arts is an American developer and publisher of computer and video games such as the Need for speed series.
Electronic Arts is an American developer and publisher of computer and video games such as the Need for speed series.
Airborne Mobile develops and publishes mobile entertainment content and applications.
Cuil is a search engine that organizes web pages by content and displays long entries along with thumbnail pictures for many results.
Webs is a website creation service enabling users to create sites with blogs, photo albums, video galleries and discussion forums.
Webjam provides social publishing and engagement solutions that enable companies to manage their internal and external online reputation.
Aka Aki is a German-based mobile social networking site that allows users to discover and connect with other users.
Extravigator is an independent forum for world travelers, with discriminating taste, to share their advice and insider knowledge.
College.com is considered by many to be one of the most comprehensive college databases of online colleges and traditional universities
Boomi provides cloud integration solutions via a SaaS-based AtomSphere platform for providers to stay connected with their consumers.
DonorsChoose.org is an online charity that provides an option for people to donate directly for projects at public schools.
GamerDNA is a social network for online gamers and the massively multiplayer online roleplaying games community.
Greenest Host provides green-friendly solutions for web hosting, design services and marketing consulting.
Competition is a part of life. Friendly competition makes life more interesting. Swamble offers a creative way for users to network and
SpeedDate.com is an online webcam-enhanced dating site for finding online dates via a webcam, microphone, and instant messaging.
Data360 strives to educate, not advocate, on a variety of data-driven topics using reports that are updated 24x7.
Jawbone is an audio technology company developing and selling wearable technology and portable audio devices.
Pakt.com is a new online community for people to share knowledge and learn new things that can help them improve their lives.
mEgo enables users to create personalized avatars and integrates with blogs, social networks, websites, and IM clients.
Zello provides push-to-talk apps with live voice chat features for consumers and businesses.
Metaplace is a fast-paced and venture-funded startup developing social games.
Xobni creates complete and searchable social profiles of a user's contacts that include updates from LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter.
StoryBlender is an online platform providing tools that enable individuals to create their own videos.
BroadClip provided distributed software architecture for recording media and delivering them to portable media devices.
Fixya is a community-based trouble-shooting resource that allows individuals to ask and answer questions about tech consumer products.
Wirenode is providers of technology for mobile web in the Europe, Czech Republic. We cooperate with mobile operators and with internet
SuggestionBox provides an interactive suggestion system that enables users to submit insightful ideas for companies.
Mozilla is a non-profit organization and a global community committed to keep the Internet alive and accessible.
Syntraxis, as a software company, builds enterprise class customized Aspirational Community portals based on its Synergy MatrixTM platform.
BrightQube is an image marketplace with image viewing tools that are optimized for browsing large collections of photos.
BuzzDash is an editorially-managed website enabling users to read public opinions on popular and trending topics.
Styky is a social networking community that allows users to share contacts, messages, pictures, and other content via their mobile phones.
Urban Mapping is an embedded geographic technology providing mapping functionality and on-demand data services for online mapping apps.
Goojet is a mobile social media dedicated to web content discovery based on the user's preferred themes.
VisualDNA combines psychology and big data to allow businesses to understand their customers and people to understand themselves.
Mix & Meet, a real world social networking service, coordinates same-day live gatherings for forming new business or personal relationships.
Empressr is a web application that lets users create, share and store presentations online.
GroupSwim is a provider of on-demand social software for businesses.
Consorte Media is a digital marketing company that connects its client companies with Hispanic customers.
Notemarks, LLC is a Baltimore-based interactive media company that markets proprietary software and web applications.
Jiglu is a London-based software company specializing in semantic technologies for applications in content aggregation and collaboration.
Polar Rose, a superior computer vision tech-based platform, helps users sort, search and share digital photos based on the content.
York.com, the world's first online dating aggregator, will revolutionize the way the world connects.
Kaltura is an open-source video platform that enhances websites with customized video, photo, and audio functionalities.
Sim Ops Studios offers a virtual training technology platform enabling emergency responder trainers to create 3D training simulations.
Type-Any-Circle-Of-Six.com has been set up to develop and market the web product by the same name.
SmartHippo allows individuals to use the power of a community to save money when shopping for rates on financial products and services.
Sclipo - Online Campus Platform is a learning management system that collaborates and administers students and teachers.
mPortico focuses on simplifying the delivery of mobile-rich content by utilizing memory cards for mobile phones as a means of distribution.
Worklight is a mobile application platform developing tools and software for smartphones and tablets.
itsmylife LLC develops and promotes affordable SaaS applications for broad vertical markets that can be better served.
FFWD wheels offers carbon fast forward lightweight disc wheels for time trial and triathlon races.
ThisNext is a social commerce site enabling people to recommend their favorite products and guide others in online purchasing.
Get Satisfaction is a community platform that fosters online conversations about a company's products and services.
Punchbowl is a web-based software platform offering party planning services and customized digital invitations and greeting cards.
Stixy offers Stixyboards, a shareable online bulletin board for users to add and organize their tasks, appointments, files, photos etc.
ENURGI is a web-based healthcare service that allows families and caregivers to manage the care process.
Dopetracks is an online music collaboration and promotion platform for hip hop Emcees and Producers.
Mobovivo enables broadcasters and other video content publishers to distribute television shows on various devices.
Eons is a social network for the U.S. residents who are over fifty years of age.
Spoke is a personal connections manager that unifies all the user's contact sources to help them reconnect with lost contacts.
EkkoTV is an online hosted platform that provides real-time communication widgets for websites to interact with their visitors.
Global Name Registry (GNR) is the license operator of .name, a global top-level domain (gTLD) for individuals, approved by the Internet
LineUpNewYork.com is an online dating aggregator that automatically searches hundreds of online dating sites for free, and immediately
MediaPops is a service that connects users to media they love like books, music, movies, DVD's, and concerts.
Houseglue is a media content storing and sharing service for families and friends. The service automatically collects digital photos, music
ConferenceCallNotes.com is a tool that allows people to collaborate on the notes that are taken during a conference call.
NetToons is a software company currently developing the proprietary Tooncasts™ reACTOR™ product line.
Social Project is a social networking site focused on the teen, young and adult social networking market.
MSafe is a parental monitoring service providing IM alerts to parents when their children are exposed to online predators.
Vidora.TV enables users to have a personal TV network on the web, over which they can broadcast videos, music and more.
ThemBid is a free online marketplace that guides the most qualified businesses to your doorstep for general services like home repairs.
People like to socialize around events, and the Web makes it easier to plan, promote, and find events.
Visible Technologies operates Visible Intelligence, a social media platform designed to deliver marketing ROI and smarter customer insights.
Diigo is a social annotation service enabling users to add highlights and notes to any web page.
Myxer is a streaming internet radio company based in Austin, Texas.
Vidoop, a company using the OpenID protocol, is out to change the way we sign on by eliminating multiple login names and passwords.
TripWiser is a social travel platform providing trip planning and itinerary building support for travelers.
Nemedia is a full service search engine marketing company based in the Dominican Republic.
AgentMatch is leading the way toward a new and vastly superior model of lead generation in the real estate industry.
SueEasy is a web-based tool for online dispute resolution and legal representation.
Zillow is an online real estate marketplace for finding and sharing information about homes, real estate, and mortgages.
Mixx is a user-driven social media site allowing users to submit or find content by peers based on interest and location.
Moz is the world's most popular provider of inbound marketing software.
MatchMine is a media recommendation service that categorizes and analyzes users’ media likes and dislikes and serves relevant content.
Mimeo is an on-demand printing service offering customized online printing solutions and enabling digital distribution.
OnForce’s Freelancer Management System is a cloud-based SaaS allowing businesses to engage, manage & pay their independent workforce.
RingCentral provides cloud computing-based phone systems to help small businesses manage mobile, fax and email communications.
FeVote provides suggestion boards that enable users to post and vote on ideas related to various subjects.
Trusted Opinion is a social recommendations site for getting suggestions on restaurants, bars and cafes from friends and expert sources.
Salesforce Buddy Media, a social media marketing platform, helps companies build connections and maintain relationships with customers.
Mozy provides cloud backup and access services and solutions.
EMC manufactures information management and storage software systems.
EMC manufactures information management and storage software systems.
3jam enables people to send and receive text messages using their phone number from the web, social networks, and PC desktop.
PlaySpan is a payment company that maintains a payment platform to handle transactions in online games, digital media and social networks.
Grouply pioneers the “social group,” an online community that combines the best features of social networks and online groups.
PlanHQ offers a browser-based business plan builder and project manager for the venture capital industry.
Graspr is an online video community that allows users to share and annotate instructional videos.
EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ: SATS) is the premier global provider of satellite operations and video delivery solutions.
Zannel develops an instant media network that allows people to instantly and visually communicate across the web and mobile.
eGenerations is a worldwide community that offers a non-traditional environment for people aged 50 and above.
DECA is a not-for-profit organization created to develop the business education of high school students in Canada.
Wunderloop is a behavioral ad and content tech platform that provides targeting services for advertising, content and e-commerce.
HereOrThere.com is a travel social network with personal profiles, ratings/reviews, maps and other standard features.
Four Interactive provides online local information services about business establishments, events, movies, and shopping in India.
Zimbra is a provider of next-generation, open source email, calendar and collaboration software.
Wamba is a social dating network that enables users to meet, chat and interact with new people online.
Buddystumbler is an instant messaging-based social networking site that allows users to meet people via free online chats.
Xoom Corporation is a digital money transfer company that allows users to securely transfer money online.
FriendFeed is a feed aggregator that consolidates updates from social media, social bookmarking websites, blogs, and microblogging sites.
Wikinvest offers a portfolio manager for Android that tracks users’ investment accounts in a single platform.
Tioti is an online platform offering links to TV services such as Apple and AOL.
Youlicit is a recommendation engine that enables users to get relevant recommendations based on personal interests.
Rupture is an online social network that allows gamers to connect and share with one another.
Babylon provides translation and language learning solutions such as the translator and dictionary for PC and Mac.
Crowd Sourcing for definitions? Wiktionary does it and now LingoZ has joined in. A spin off service from translation software company
FlexiScale, the new chief competitor to the popular Amazon Beta services S3 and EC2, offers an on demand pay as you go hosting solution.
Viewdle is a mobile-focused visual analysis company creating computer vision and recognition technologies for consumer products.
earthmine is a company that uses vehicle mounted camera rigs to capture imagery and three dimensional data of the urban areas.
Fon is a global WiFi network that operates a system of dual access wireless networks using a crowdsourcing approach.
JibJab is a digital entertainment studio that produces and distributes comedic content.
Zipidee is an online marketplace enabling manufacturers to market and sell digital products.
ooblada creates games on Facebook & Mobile.
LiveChat builds live chat software with help desk feature. Used for ecommerce and providing amazing customer service!
LocoGopher.com is a local search & review site that is focused on connecting people with their local businesses.
Mesmo.tv is social video bookmarking tool that enables users tag and share videos into a personalized content stream and group channels.
BuyMyTronics.com offers a monetized solution for e-waste by buying used and broken personal electronics from consumers and corporations.
MSNBC is an American basic cable and satellite channel that provides news coverage and political opinions on current events.
The Testuff founders have many years of experience in all aspects of software development and testing.
Seesmic provides social media management and collaboration tools that enable businesses to build and manage their brands online.
Rubicon Project is an advertising automation platform enabling premium publishers to transact many advertising brands globally.
Zolve is a Social Network for the real estate industry. Brokers and other real-estate professionals (like title insurance agents,
RecipeMatcher (www.recipematcher.com) is a unique recipe site. Enter in the ingredients you have at home and RecipeMatcher will tell you
Whiskey Media develops websites that are 'Whiskey Powered,' a proprietary publishing layer they built for the Django framework.
TV Links is a user-contributed online video directory for television programs, films and music videos.
Alluc.org is a user-generated link-sharing-website that catalogues links to TV shows, movies, music videos, sport, anime and cartoons.
CondoDomain is a real estate company that empowers consumers in the residential real estate marketplace.
SnapLayout is a MySpace profile editor from the Y Combinator company, Weebly.
RayV is a web platform that allows users to create video playlists and broadcast them online.
Polyvore is a new way to discover and shop for the things you love.
Madeit.com is a full service infrastructure as a Service Provider. Offers Cloud and Virtual Hosting Services.
23andMe is a human genome research company enabling users to study their ancestry, genealogy, and inherited traits.
Genentech is a biotherapeutics company developing multiple products for treating serious or life-threatening medical conditions.
Woophy is a photo sharing website, the uploaded picture will be geotagged and placed on a map.
AdReady, a division of CPXi, provides a self-serve platform for programmatic creative and media placement.
Treemo Labs provides an app publishing platform with integrated social media, location services, gaming and content management tools.
Mochi Media is a browser-based ad network that allows developers to monetize and distribute online games.
Eloqua is a SaaS-based company that develops marketing automation and Revenue Performance Management (RPM) solutions.
Ancestry is a website enabling users to create their own family tree and help them discover, preserve and share their family history.
MyFamily is a website enabling users to connect with their families by sharing photos and videos, scheduling events, and having discussions.
Blurb is a self-publishing platform allowing individuals to create, publish, share, promote and sell their own books.
myZenPlanet is transforming the way users interact with their social and personal connections using their mobile phones.
The Climate Corporation is a technology platform helping people and businesses manage and adapt to climate change.
Automattic develops publishing platforms, including the WordPress.com website and the VIP WordPress.com cloud version.
Platial, a map making portal, searches and serves exploration sites as a global atlas.
Tablo is a custom photo printing site with an embedded design tool that enables users to mashup their photos for printing.
Avvo is a legal marketplace, directory, and question and answer forum that connects individuals with lawyers.
Tumblr, a microblogging platform and social networking website, enables users to post multimedia and other content to a short-form blog.
Davidville is a privately held New York-based development company. They build high-technology applications catered to their customers'
Radar Networks makes Twine, an artificially intelligent personal web assistant that organizes information based on an auto-tagging engine.
Dash Navigation is the developer of Dash Express, an internet-enabled personal navigation device.
Picnik is an online photo editor that provides its users access to photo-editing tools.
Veodia is an online entertainment and financial blog enabling business environments to process with video and screen recording capabilities.
Phrasebase.com an online language learning social network and e-phrasebook supporting millions of words and phrases translated into 90
blinkbox is an online video company allowing users to stream and download movies and TV shows.
Payoneer empowers global commerce by connecting businesses, professionals, countries and currencies with its cross-border payment platform.
Chirp Interactive is a social network aggregation platform that leverages social media and networks to keep users connected at all times.
Songkick is an online database of concerts for music enthusiasts.
Wix is a DIY web publishing platform enabling its users to design, publish, maintain and host free websites using online drag-&-drop tools.
JackBe offers Presto, a platform that provides real-time tools to assess the business impact of changing conditions as they happen.
eSign is an electronic signature and contract management company helping users get all their documents signed online.
tyntec is a telecom-web convergence company that connects the immediacy and convenience of mobile telecom with the power of the Internet.
TasteBook is a web platform that allows users to create and order custom hardback cookbooks.
Simpy is a social bookmarking service. With Simpy, you can save, tag and search your own bookmarks and notes or browse and search other
The business of Real Estate made easy. Ubertor provides fresh and easy to use software tailored towards Realtors and Real Estate. We help
Crusher is a company made up of designer developers focusing on events publishing invitation services.
YowTRIP is a social network site that connects you with other world travelers in your town or wherever you're traveling.
Rollbase is a PaaS-based cloud platform that creates SaaS-based business apps using drag-and-drop tools with minimal coding.
ADI Time develops cloud computing time and SaaS-based attendance management solutions for enterprises.
Big Contacts is a web-based contact manager and sales force automation tool developed to facilitate customer relationship management.
All-Scrap is a subscription-based recycling exchange site that allows individuals to sell and buy recyclable materials.
Confabb offers an online directory providing individuals with information about professional events and conferences.
Marakana is an open-source training platform providing lessons on open source software solutions and agile practices for IT professionals.
Livra Panels is an online market research panel provider for the Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking markets.
Predictify is a prediction platform for users to predict the future and build a reputation based on the accuracy of them.
United Dogs and Cats is an online community for dog and cat loving people to communicate with each other.
Digitalsmiths connects consumers to relevant video content through personalized search, recommendations and discovery.
Africa Interactive is an online publisher, building and maintaining a worldwide, interactive multimedia platform, focused on Africa.
TrialPay is an offer-based payments platform enabling customers to pay for one item by trying or buying something else.
BitWine operates a psychic and spiritual network offering users with tarot readings, spiritual coaching and connection with the deceased.
StyleFeeder specialize in offering wholesale a very comprehensive range of custom electronics and technology wholesale distributor in UAE.
FeedMorf gives you access to our simple-to-use tools for your feeds, (be it RSS or a podcast etc) to morf them into something else.
Vimeo is a video sharing platform that allows users to upload, share and view high-definition videos.
CollegeHumor is a website producing and linking college student-related humorous pictures, videos and content on the internet.
InstantAction is a 3D browser-based game developer, publisher and technology provider.
Renkoo is an app developer for social networking sites such as Facebook and MySpace.
Moko Social Media engages in delivering social networking services to consumers within the youth and young adult demographic.
MangoApps is a collaborative enterprise social network service that combines employee social networking with enterprise microblogging.
eXelate, a Nielsen® company, is the leading provider of data technology powering the digital marketing ecosystem.
BitGravity is a content delivery network optimized for on-demand video delivery and HD live streaming.
bluekiwi, is a social business vendor enabling organizations to engage and interact with employees, partners, customers and web-influencers.
Socializr is an online social network that allows users to share events with their friends and send them invitations to these events.
MySQL is an open source database that supports scalable web-based and embedded database applications.
Eurekster offers a customized search portal with the content produced by online communities to improve search results.
Skinkers provides communication management software to help organizations overcome the limitations of existing digital channels.
Gydget provides marketing solutions that enable bands, sports teams, and celebrities to reach fans via social networks.
PicksPal is an online sports pick competition platform providing games, information and entertainment for sports fans.
Mydeo is the social video site which now serves as the architecture for Best Buy's video sharing service.
Best Buy is a multinational retailer of technology and entertainment products and services offering consumer electronics and more.
Soup.io is a tumblelogging service enabling its users to upload videos and images as well as post HTML quotes and text.
Gigya offers a Customer Identity Management Platform that businesses can use to identify customers, aggregate data & personalize campaigns.
Songbird offers a social music discovery app for Android and iOS devices, and desktops.
Baynote provides personalized customer-experience solutions for multi-channel retailers in e-commerce environments.
Taobao, founded by the Alibaba Group, is a shopping marketplace based in China that facilitates transactions between consumers and sellers.
Ant Financial is an online payment services provider that enables individuals and businesses to execute payments online in a secure manner.
YourSports is a social network for sports. We're wiring up the sports world into a single database. Then ranking it... For more than sports.
GridNetworks is an internet television provider, delivering internet video content for TVs and computers with no additional hardware.
A Place for Mom is a for-profit senior care referral service providing information about senior housing and elder care providers.
Firetide provides fixed and mobile wireless IP network infrastructure products that enable concurrent video, voice and data applications.
Shopatron is an e-commerce technology company that provides e-commerce solutions to manufacturers and retailers of consumer goods products.
Guardian Analytics provides multichannel fraud prevention solutions to protect online, mobile and ACH channels.
Quigo, an ad-targeting network, enables advertisers to buy web ads based on specific pages, sections and keywords.
Evite, an online personal party planning service, offers tools for planning recipes and a wine-pairing chart, the process and themes.
FORA.tv contains videos of live events, lectures, interviews and debates from universities, public forums, think tanks and conferences.
Jango is an online music streaming service enabling users to create and share custom radio stations, choose artists and play music.
Comeks develops visual messaging, micro-blogging and blogging products for the web and mobile devices.
Disqus is a blog comment hosting service offering a platform for social integration, social networking, user profiles, analytics and more.
SezWho is a distributed context, rating, and reputation system for social media sites such as blogs, forums, wikis and discussion boards.
Peer39 is an ad management and distribution platform that provides technology stellar services and multiscreen advertising solutions.
fav.or.it is a UK-based startup developing novel reading and interactive interfaces for readers and publishers of blogs.
Dailybreak Media maintains a gaming site that provides gamified experiences for various brands.
Qloud enables users to enjoy and share their music collections on social networks.
Alisoft develops and markets internet-based business management software for small and medium enterprises in China.
Vitrue provides social media publishing software, offering SaaS-based tools to help businesses harness their marketing potential.
ActionThis is an online task management system for managing projects and action items.
OnLive, a cloud gaming company offering a cloud gaming platform and a cloud desktop system that develops server-based video game processing.
Pelago offers Whrrl v2.0, an app that enables people to capture and share moments, as they happen, in story form.
FilmCrave is a niche social network targeted at movie lovers. It allows users to create organized top movie lists, write movie reviews,
Upcoming is an API-accessible events database and calendar that includes information about upcoming events tagged with relevant details.
Shangby, an online shopping service, allows shoppers to buy items from China at a cheaper price than in the U.S.
DraftMix is an online platform allowing fantasy sports enthusiasts to play pickup games against other players for real and virtual money.
Akimbo is a video on-demand system enabling subscribers to download television shows, movies and other videos to a set-top box on demand.
Code42 manages and protects digital content with easy-to-use software and high-performance hardware storage.
Yahoo! is a technology company that is known for its web services and applications.
Vringo is engaged in the innovation, development and monetization of intellectual property and mobile technologies.
Plazes is an online service enabling users to connect and communicate with others in various locations.
Zilok allows users its users to rent their belongings to other people, from cars to strollers, fondue sets, Playstations, and power drills.
StylePath is a shopping recommendation engine aimed at fashion, accessories, and home furnishings.
Rebel Monkey is a game and entertainment company developing real-time and multiplayer social games.
mDialog is a company providing video stream management on connected devices including iPad, iPhone, Android, GoogleTV, Apple TV and Roku.
Curbed Network develops websites based on restaurants, nightlife, shopping, fashion, and real estate for the urban audience.
Transmedia Corporation provides identity-based, compatible and integrated multipurpose software and services for organizations.
HiveLive is a B2B social networking application provider for companies to build communities with their customers, employees, or partners.
Crazy Blind Data is an online dating service for individuals in New York, Boston, San Francisco and Austin.
Screaming Sports offers a social networking service designed specifically for fantasy sports players.
Fleaflicker is a web platform that offers virtual football leagues for football beginners and competitors.
boo-box provides scalable and effective social media advertising solutions.
Laszlo Systems is an open-source platform providing user experience solutions for apps optimized for mobile and web-enabled devices.
Faves is a social bookmarking and networking software solution that installs a single browser button for users to bookmark a webpage.
Information that is critical to the success of a business resides in the minds of its employees.
Evi is a technology company focused on knowledge base and semantic search engine software.
GigSocial, an interactive casting platform, posting jobs, internships, and auditions to everyone looking for work with entertainment brands.
A division of Yahoo, BrightRoll builds software that automates and improves digital video advertising globally.
Yedda is a community-driven question and answer service.
Casero offers white-label and Web 2.0 services that enable network operators to provide value-added services for their subscribers.
MerchantCircle is an online local marketing platform that provides deals, expert advice and competitive quotes from local merchants.
Minekey is a startup providing personalized search and social collaboration technologies.
Compete delivers digital intelligence, enabling brands to improve their marketing based on the online behavior of consumers.
TeeBeeDee is a social network for people over 40 to share their ideas, insights, and experiences.
RepairPal is an online auto resource that offers a price estimator for car repairs, a directory of mechanics and other information.
Chintano operates a global targeted ad network. Chintano developed automatic categorization technology which provides contextual and
Xconomy offers a network of blogs, events and conferences that provide information about the high-tech economy.
Booking Angel is a pay-per-booking system for local search directories and an easy online booking system for any appointment-based business.
Doppelganger operates vSide, a 3D virtual world providing entertainment and social networking for the teen demographic.
or tear TMZ a new one for getting it wrong). Yesterday's entevs were the perfect example of process journalism in the Twitter era, as each
Dipity is a free digital timeline management website enabling publishers to organize the web content by date and time.
FanIQ brings together like-minded sports fans to read news, play trivia, quizzes, polls, pick games and more with fellow fans.
vSocial allows marketers to add social media to their promotions to increase traffic, registration, and return on investment.
DogTime Media is a vertical media community focused on pet owners and the pet market, providing technical support to shelters and rescues.
StreetFire is a user-generated video sharing site that caters to automotive enthusiasts.
Azuki Systems provides a multi-screen video platform that helps service providers and enterprises capitalize on mobile devices.
Turn offers data and media management platform technologies and a data management platform to centralize offline and online marketing data.
Needium offers social media service and technology that converts local real-time needs into business leads.
TrackVia is a workflow software platform for manufacturers. Build custom applications with no programming required.
Loopt is a mobile application and website that connects people to their community.
Zamzar provides online file conversion services for individuals and businesses.
Cyberhomes is an online real-estate website allowing homeowners and purchasers to list, assess, compare, buy and sell their properties.
Fix8 is a communication application that allows people to customize their on-screen virtual appearance in real time using avatar technology.
XillianTV is a California-based company that focuses on video delivery to consumers.
MyLifeBrand develops a personal dashboard that enables users to connect and share their social networks, communities, profiles, and content.
WangYou is an internet entertainment company providing wireless value added services and traditional media broadcasting services.
MyBuys provides retailers with individual shopping interests by cross-functionally coordinating with e-commerce sites.
Podaddies offers advertising solutions for online and mobile video publishers, online game companies, and app developers.
Adteractive is an online lead generation company that manages interactive customer acquisitions.
Send Word Now provides on-demand emergency notification and incident management services.
BlackArrow provides multiscreen and cross-platform advertising solutions for pay TV companies.
Yieldex provides a cross-channel revenue and inventory management platform providing analytics and solutions for digital publishers.
Zecco Trading is an online stock brokerage and investing company that offers low cost stock trades and low cost options trades.
Peerflix is an online trading platform allowing users to sell their DVDs to other Peerflix members.
Placely is a social mapping and information service for travelers. Unlike current social mapping application in the market, Placely works
Fatdoor is a social network that connects neighbors.
Congoo is a free real-time news, networking and information portal. Congoo's unique channels merge the most important news with industries'
BankingMyWay claims to host the largest collection of banking rates online. More than 1 million banking rates from more than 53,000
TheStreet, a digital financial media company, offers content and tools through a range of online, social media, tablet and mobile channels.
Omniture is an online marketing and web analytics business unit enabling clients to manage and enhance business initiatives.
Visual Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries provide customer intelligence solutions. Its services include HBX, an on-demand Web analytics
Interwoven provides content management systems and related products to maximize online business performance.
Optimost uses meaning-based technology to deliver a comprehensive suite of managed and self-service marketing optimization solutions.
On Networks distributes and produces original, episodic HD programming.
uShip is a Texas-based online transportation marketplace primarily serving the freight, household goods and vehicle shipping markets.
Vobile offers complete software solutions to protect, measure, and monetize audiovisual content across the Internet and on all screens.
Vivox is a voice platform for the social web, enabling game publishers and social publishers to excite, engage and monetize their users.
Wellocities is a Canadian social networking site for people with diabetes.
Verimatrix develops software-based content security and revenue enhancement solutions for pay-TV networks.
Move Networks is a streaming tech platform delivering live and multi-channel television via internet to PC, TV and mobile devices users.
Blackwave provides an integrated infrastructure platform for the storage and delivery of video over IP.
HowStuffWorks is a commercial edutainment website providing support, information and reviews with videos and illustrations.
Discovery Communications is a global mass media and entertainment company offering programs such as Discovery Channel and Animal Planet.
Blucora is a provider of Internet-related services that operates a diverse group of Internet businesses.
GoAmerica was founded in 1996 as a provider of innovative wireless data solutions for corporate customers.
RealSelf is the TripAdvisor to your face, body, and smile. Read reviews and get expert answers about cosmetic surgery, dermatology, and more
ZeniMax is a media company connecting game developers, artists, designers, programmers, and talents to create entertainment content.
E Ink manufactures a type of electronic paper based on research started at the MIT Media Lab.
Caring.com is an online destination for those seeking information about care services for aging parents, spouses and other loved ones.
GeoSentric offers GyPSii, a mobile digital lifestyle application and geo-mobility social networking platform.
Eyejot is an online video messaging platform enabling users to send and receive video mail.
littleye is a virtual fence around safe websites for kids that is easy to install, easy to use and easy to maintain.
RescueTime is a web-based time management tool that tracks the activities and duration of a users' computer usage.
Techlightenment is a social media agency offering technology-based solutions on social marketing.
Phone.com provides VoIP services and systems for small businesses and enterprises.
Taboola is the world’s leading content discovery platform connecting people with content they may like but never knew existed.
Software.com is a retailer of paid software downloads.
eSnips, a media dashboard and socializing tool, enables users to share information through audio and video files, and other digital content.
FamilyOven is recipe website. It contains over 500,000 recipes uploaded by users and gathered from other websites like Allrecipes and
The Funded, a website that evaluates venture capitals, enables users to rate and share their opinions on venture capital industry.
Project Playlist is a music-based website allowing users to search music, create custom online playlists, and share them with others.
HuffPost Politics is a blog that offers the latest political news from The Huffington Post’s Washington bureau.
NebuAd is a media company offering online advertising solutions.
Revolution Money is a financial services company offering services such as credit cards, debit cards and money transfers.
Blowtorch is a Hollywood media and entertainment studio that caters to college students.
Hype Machine keeps track of what music bloggers write about.
Sneakerplay is an online social network designed exclusively for Sneaker fans.
Blyk is an ad-supported mobile phone network that offers text messaging and voice call services to brand operators.
OurStage is a web and mobile-based music community offering free music streaming, discovery and editorial content.
Dabble is a video search service that enables users to search over 2,000 video sources.
Frappr operates as a Web's community mapper. Its maps enable Web site owners and visitors to visualize and interact with each other. The
GameLayers develops massively multiplayer online games (MMOG) integrated with web surfing.
Collective intelligently connects brand marketers to audiences with high impact experiences across display, video and mobile advertising.
Mogreet is a text message marketing platform focused on the delivery of fully branded, rich media to mobile devices via MMS.
Linkstorm is an advertising technology company enabling brands to drive ad performance by making their ads more useful to customers.
Zoji offers an event planning website that allows users to organize and create groups and events, and send online invitations.
Worktopia provides a service to search, compare and book rooms and other amneties for small, simple meetings in one single online session.
Pat Sajak (Wheel of Fortune) is an investor.
WEbook is an online community for writers to share work, and give and receive feedback from other writers and readers.
iStockphoto is a stock imagery website providing royalty free stock images, media and design elements for print and use on websites.
Your Truman Show develops social, discovery, and advertising targeted products for video on the web.
Apprema is an e-commerce site that provides social gifting, group payment and delivery services.
Bring Light's mission is to inspire a new generation of philanthropy. It is an online social network designed to help people make a bigger
Verican enables local media industries to maximize their internet advertising revenue by transitioning their businesses online.
FiveRuns provides monitoring products for Rails and related open source and commercial systems.
Viddler in an interactive video company who believes video is an essential part of the learning process.
Ingenio is a knowledge-commerce platform, connecting customers and advisors through its proprietary web and telephony technology solutions.
beRe­cruited is an online networking destination for high school student athletes seeking employment.
Bug Labs is a hardware platform enabling tinkerers and engineers to create their own digital devices.
Skribit provides a content suggestion service that enables bloggers to discover relevant topics to write about from their readers.
SnapYap.com is a video conferencing, calling and messaging service that lives within the web browser and does not require a download.
ProductWiki is a free and unbiased resource for product information written and maintained by the community.
Hark is a platform for sound bites, where anyone can discover, play and share their favorite audio moments on any device.
Splunk provides operational intelligence software that monitors, reports and analyzes real-time machine data.
Batanga Media is a digital media and content company delivering display, video and mobile solutions.
LucidEra provides SaaS-based business intelligence visibility and actionable solutions for marketing professionals.
eTapestry is a cloud fundraising software that supports online fundraising and donor programs.
Upnext is an interactive 3D mapping platform engaged in digital strategy, mobile application development and user experience design.
Localeze is an internet content manager that allows businesses to list themselves on local search engines to gain more exposure.
Amacai provides consumer and business data to companies whose core business is built upon complete and accurate contact information.
VisionMedia creates 3D, polygonal and textured, Skylines of urban cities like New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago.
The Comotion Group is a viral video marketing and new media consulting company.
CNET is an online platform that provides tech product reviews, news, prices, videos, forums, podcasts, how to's, and more.
xkoto offers a technology platform that facilitates the replication and virtualization of data.
Personal Life Media is a multimedia lifestyle brand providing entertaining and personal content to socially conscious adults.
TrustedID is an identity protection company providing proactive identity protection solutions for corporations and government agencies.
Youku is a Chinese video-sharing website that enables users to search, view, and share high-quality video content across multiple devices.
Tinselvision is an online video on-demand service targeting South Asian communities in the U.S., U.K. and Canada.
Phanfare is a photo-sharing service that integrates social networking functionality to allow users to create connections with others.
TeamPages is an online team management tool that simplifies team and league management.
Twelvefold is a Big Data-driven, real-time marketing platform that reaches audiences based on mindsets created by content, versus cookies.
Redlasso is a broadcast media website which allows users to search, clip, and share licensed television and radio content.
Mio.tv is a provider of latino and latina music videos, as well as entertainment and community features.
Fotki is a digital photo sharing, video sharing, and media social networking website and web service suite.
Answers empowers consumers, brands and organizations with the information they need to make better-informed decisions.
Shoutingmat.ch was added to CrunchBase in 2007
YouLicense is an online music licensing platform that allows artists and customers to conduct direct business conversations with each other.
InstaColl, Ltd. engages in the development and provision of software and services that transform the Internet into a personal medium for
Zattoo is a P2P live video streaming service that makes free and live TV available on PCs.
We are creating compelling digital marketing solutions for our partners that reduce cost, generate revenue, and protect brand equity.
OrganizedWisdom is a platform for health professionals to create digital offices to share valuable information with their patients.
eToro is a social trading and investment marketplace allowing users to trade currencies, commodities, indices and stocks.
AllofMe lets users create digital timelines using emails, photos, videos, documents, and more.
Adhysteria, based in Mumbai, India, allows community members to find houses, jobs, new friends, and more.
SeeToo is a web-based app that enables viewers in multiple locations to watch pre-recorded videos together.
Paltalk is a video chat room community that enables users to communicate via video, audio and internet chat.
Seeqpod is an embeddable music search engine.
AddLiveVoice is a provider of internet voice services. AddLiveVoice was established in 2006 to assist clients capture high quality voice
Songza is a music streaming and recommendation service offering curated playlists based on the time of day or a user's mood or activity.
SkreemR is an MP3 search engine allowing users to search the web for music downloads, podcasts, ringtones, remixes and other music content.
Cambrian House is web 2.0 community and crowdsourcing platform for individuals and firms to commercialize software ideas and businesses.
iDesktop.tv is a web-based interface for viewing videos from YouTube in a desktop-like environment.
College Tonight is a social media company that develops and operates various properties focused on the college demographic.
MyPublisher offers photo book software solutions and digital printing services for digital photo album publishing.
WorldVitalRecords.com maintains online databases with many names and records of family histories.
CollegeFanz is a social networking site that enables users to interact with sports fans, create forums, and post content on college sports.
Alienworx Media develops enriched, high quality media for the web. We are mostly a business to business firm working with many clients all
Doodlekit is a website creation tool enabling anyone with no or little technical background to build rich websites.
imeem is an online music service that provides fans with instant access to any song they want, free-of-charge.
A leader in local online marketing, Yodle helps local businesses find and keep customers in the simplest, most profitable ways.
Qwaq develops enterprise apps that consist of 3D virtual workspace environments for real-time collaboration and conferencing activities.
Motionbox is a video sharing service providing video format support and online space for sharing high-definition personal videos.
Snapvine is a communications platform enabling people to leave voicemail messages online.
Spotzer Media Group provides solutions for creating online content that search engines and social networks reward with high exposure.
Deezer is an online platform and app that provides songs from a variety of genres.
italki is an online language learning service that helps people to become fluent in foreign languages.
eyeOS offers an open-source browser-based web desktop with documentation, download and community support.
Desktoptwo develops internet based operating systems and free online storage systems for businesses.
Jott offers a novel service that enables users to speak messages that can be sent to as transcribed emails or voice messages.
divorce360 is a website providing advice, support, and guidance for divorced individuals.
Earth Class Mail provides online mail management solutions for individuals, small businesses, and international license partners.
Adaptive Path helps organizations develop product concepts through experience strategy and deliver those through designs.
Kewego provides business solutions to manage, broadcast and monetize videos on internet, intranet and screen networks.
Fraudwall Technologies is a developer of online advertising fraud prevention technologies.
OANDA created the industry standard currency rate & is the trusted technology source for millions of traders & businesses across the world.
Utterz enables users to post multimedia content onto any web page via mobile phones and PCs.
OpTrip, a travel-related technology company, develops travel service infrastructure for travel enthusiasts.
Xindesk is a free WebOS that runs in a web browser. Developed by parent XIN company, from Sweden, Xindesk is another competitor into the
Vidyo is a venture funded company providing both software-based technology and product-based visual communication solutions.
WeGame is a social platform for gamers, allowing them to build a gamer-social-and-interest graph through other users' recommendations.
Fraud Sciences offers PayPal integrated systems for online transaction verification and fraud prevention.
Intronis offers eSureIT, an online backup service that securely automates the process of offsite data backup.
IRSeeK is an Israeli company indexing conversations on IRC. Users can search the site to find conversations about information that might
CrossLoop is a P2P downloadable application that allows users to connect remotely to another PC.
SocialPicks is an online community where investors share investment ideas, exchange market research, and track investment performance.
Walk Score is a website providing a numerical ranking or score for any address based on the accessibility of surroundings by walk.
SpinVox offers a voice message conversion system that converts voice messages on mobile networks to text.
ZoomInfo is a leading B2B database providing detailed business information on people and companies.
iMemories is an internet-based service allowing consumers to share and preserve their photos and videos across multiple consumer platforms.
Buzzwire is a Denver-based mobile startup that streams multimedia content to user’s mobile phone.
Eventsbot is a free web based online service to event registration and management. Create your events, sell online tickets, collect online
Criticker is a film recommendations community.
The Dapper Company provides construction material and supplies for residential and commercial builders.
Expensr provides online budgeting and financial planning tools that help users manage their money in a single place.
ClickTale is a customer experience analytics platform enabling e-businesses to have an insight into their clients’ online behavior.
Salary.com provides on-demand compensation, payroll, human resource management, performance management and competency management solutions.
Expert Village is a user-generated instructional video site connecting freelance filmmakers and videographers with production assignments.
SmugMug is a photo sharing website that allows its users to store, share and sell their photos online.
CeeLite Technologies is a clean technology lighting company providing energy efficient lighting solutions such as LEC and LED lighting.
Twenga provides advanced traffic acquisition solutions for over 4,000 customers in 15 countries.
TradeKing is an online broker providing tools and research for the online trading of stocks, options and bonds.
56.com is a user-generated content (UGC) video-sharing website in China.
Music Intelligence Solutions offers a smart music player, enabling users to create, experience, share and discover music and visual media.
AmericanTowns.com, a local community network, provides users with latest news on their local government, schools, libraries and communities.
Viadeo is a professional social network designed to improve career prospects, discover business opportunities and create online identities.
Venture Technologies provides enterprise, secure IT solutions.
Jacked, a venture-backed application service provider, offers real-time search with broadcast television and on-demand media.
CafeMom is social networking site targeted at mothers and mothers-to-be offering a host of contents from pregnancy, relationships and more.
Shipwire provides e-commerce order fulfillment services, shipping software, and cloud-based logistics for businesses.
Code name for Bevy, Inc. See Bevy Inc.
FastBooking offers e-marketing and internet-based solutions for the hospitality industry to increase direct bookings and brand visibility.
Makeover Solutions is a marketing company providing web-based virtual makeovers.
Takkle is an online platform for high school athletes to meet other athletes, connect with college recruiters and get scholarships.
DGP Labs provides businesses and individuals with internet-based solutions.
GrubHub allows users to find and order food from restaurants in their vicinity that deliver or offer pickup, via an app and a website.
Skyscanner is a global travel search site that provides online comparisons for a number of flights, car rentals, and hotels.
Uversity is a student engagement platform that helps colleges and universities improve student enrollment and retention.
Iotum is a mobile conference calling company offering Calliflower, which is a precense-driven service for the web and mobile.
ApnaLoan is an online marketplace providing home loans, personal loans and credit cards for customers in India.
iMedix, a health search engine and network, utilizes advanced proprietary algorithms to provide answers for user questions.
eBurl is a resource for shortening those long, ugly, confusing eBay URLs into something short, portable, and friendly.
Gilt Groupe is an online shopping website that provides instant insider access to top designer labels.
MyStore is marketplace and application for creating shoppable video storefronts.
LiveJournal is a social networking platform that allows users to operate an online blog or journal.
BeliefNet offers an independent, non-affiliated spiritual website with a variety of resources.
Anchor Intelligence provides a real-time traffic scoring system for ad networks and search engines.
Vemo sells software-as-a-service products for companies to conduct a strategic workforce planning and analysis process.
EdgeCast is a content delivery network (CDN) that helps companies accelerate and deliver static content to their users around the world.
Smilebox is a multimedia-based messaging service enabling users to personalize photos, videos, music and texts and share them with others.
Bahu is a social networking website that promotes students' skills.
Spokeo is a people search platform enabling users to reconnect with friends and families and discover information about individuals.
Scout Labs provides cutting-edge technology and a collaborative platform for companies to engage with customers on the internet.
Bill Me Later is a PayPal service that enables customers to purchase products without providing credit card details.
Firebrand is a revolutionary new network that programs only the best television commercials.
hakia is a semantic search engine employing enterprise and real-time search to provide results based on meaning match.
AppJet is an online programming tool and web-based text editor for building simple web applications.
Koxmix is a search engine that allows users to perform advanced searches via multiple filters.
Path Intelligence monitors foot traffic via receivers that detect cell phone signals and triangulate users’ location.
Connected Ventures operates CollegeHumor Media, an online entertainment company targeting multiple audiences of various age groups.
Summize is a conversational search engine that provides listings of the most reviewed and liked products and services.
Leading the industry with the most comprehensive and analytics-driven recruiting platform. Easy | Effective | Efficient |
Match is a subscription-based online dating site.
Goodreads is a website that allows users to find, share, recommend and review the books they love.
Ribbit is a phone company providing voice and web services for individuals and businesses.
Yotta is a cloud platform providing real-time commerce analytics for merchants and consumers.
HubPages is an open community of passionate individuals asking questions, finding answers, and sharing words, pictures and videos.
Squidoo is a network of user-generated 'lenses' - single pages that highlight a person’s point of view, recommendations or expertise.
ideeli is an online retail site offering a curated selection of apparel, accessories, shoes and travel products.
Ads-Click is a provider of search and contextual advertising customized to suit advertisers' varying needs.
Streamezzo develops media mobile solutions that enable users to develop, debug, and deploy services onto cellular networks.
Shoeboxed, a receipt and e-receipt organizing company, offers a fast, easy way to turn a pile of receipts into organized digital data.
Vyew builds web-based applications and collaborative tools to merge virtual space with human interaction.
Bloglines is a web-based news aggregator for reading syndicated feeds using the RSS and Atom formats.
Ask.com is a question answering-focused web search engine that delivers answers from the web and real people.
Juice Wireless provides mobile social networking technology and services enabling multimedia exchange and social networking aggregation.
Frontier Communications Corporation is an independent provider of telecommunications services that offers voice, data, and video services.
GoLark is a new interactive events listing that is completely user-driven. GoLark relies upon its community of event seekers and sharers to
Flixwagon is a live video streaming service that enables users with a 3G or Wi-Fi-enabled phone to broadcast live video on the web.
WeShow is an online video aggregator that provides targeted video content to global viewers.
Qik is an online messenger that allows its users to exchange video messages between individuals or within a group.
CareFlash is an easy to use private social network that enables users to interact with friends and family.
PlayFirst is a developer of mobile games that includes the Dash® series of games.
Libersy provides online bookings and payment solutions for small businesses.
RipCode provided a dual application infrastructure solution for delivering video on-demand and real-time video streaming.
Deem is a cloud and mobile commerce company, delivering Commerce-as-a-Service (CaaS) to a large and diverse ecosystem of customers.
American Express is a global financial services company best known for its credit card, charge card and traveler’s cheque businesses.
Stickam.com is a social network providing live video streaming of web pages, online auctions, company web sites, and blogs.
CDNetworks enables global cloud acceleration to e-business customers across industries such as finance, travel, manufacturing and media.
AdMedian is an advertising network.
RivalSoft provides RivalMap, a B2B service that help companies keep track of their competitors.
Kayak is a travel metasearch engine that allows users to find and book flights, hotels, vacations, rental cars and cruise lines.
Mobissimo is a travel search engine that allows users to compare prices of airline tickets, hotel bookings, travel deals, and rental cars.
REVShare enables advertisers to bid for television time on a cost-per-action basis.
GlobalGiving is an online marketplace that allows donors to find and fund grassroots projects that appeal to their specific interests.
Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets consumer electronics, personal computers, and software.
With the tagline, It's not a laptop project. It's an education project, the One Laptop per Child initiative aims to revolutionize how we
GridPoint is a clean tech company delivering a comprehensive suite of hardware and software, and other related services.
Ugobe is the developer of Pleo, a lifelike Camarasaurus robot that displays emotional and developmental behaviors.
Heliovolt develops and manufactures thin film solar photovoltaic modules for residential and commercial use.
Etsy is an e-commerce site and a smartphone application for buying and selling handmade and vintage items.
Konarka Technologies develops nano-enabled polymer photovoltaic materials for commercial, industrial and consumer applications.
A123 Systems is a manufacturer of lithium-ion batteries and battery systems for the transportation, electric grid, and commercial markets.
A123 Systems is a manufacturer of lithium-ion batteries and battery systems for the transportation, electric grid, and commercial markets.
Ausra, now Areva Solar, develops utility scale solar technologies.
Kior, a renewable fuels company, converts biomass into renewable crude oil that is processed into gasoline, diesel and fuel oil blendstocks.
Nanosolar, a producer of solar energy technologies, commercializes a low-cost printable solar cell manufacturing process.
Challenge Games creates online social games and helps people play with and against friends.
Causes.com is an online campaigning platform for people who support a common cause.
Nintendo is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics company that develops game consoles.
ShoZu enables users to transfer content from their phone directly to content sharing sites, including YouTube and Facebook.
ElephantDrive provides a scalable platform for online backup, storage, data management and intuitive tools for small businesses.
Infinity Box offers Wufoo, a web app that helps users create online forms.
Attributor provides digital content protection solutions for the publishing industry.
Fyreball brings a gaming element to email, allowing users to track messages and discussions as they circulate around the web.
Tesla Motors designs, manufactures and sells electric vehicles, such as the Tesla Roadster, the first fully electric sports car.
Fotolia is an image bank that offers a crowdsourced library, which includes royalty-free images, vectors, illustrations and video clips.
Indaba Music is a social network for musicians that allows users to collaborate with others to create music via a web application.
PollDaddy is a service that provides polling widgets for blogs, websites and social networks.
Spinn3r is a web service providing raw access to posts, articles, tweets and status updates being published in real time.
Bunchball employs game mechanics that help businesses improve market performance and online engagement.
Icosystem is a Boston-based consulting firm founded by complexity scientist Eric Bonabeau. Icosystem's primary business comes from helping
SimulScribe operates PhoneTag, a voice-to-text service that converts voicemail into text messages and sends them to mobile phones or emails.
Pinger is a proprietary, cross-platform texting and calling app for smartphones that lets its users text and talk free with the other users.
Delve Networks provides an online video publishing and search platform.
Xanga is a free online service allowing users to create their own videos, audios and blogs.
Hooja is a technology company focused on the mobile realm of text messaging.
New Recruiting Solution for WEB 2.0 WebCam Interviews with LiveHire. Being able to see and interact with a candidate during the first step
Truveo is a video search engine acquired by AOL, providing various types of movies, TV shows, music and other related videos.
TravelMuse is a travel planning website that allows users to research and plan their travels on a single interface.
TripAdvisor, a travel guide and research website, provides reviews of travel-related content and includes interactive travel forums.
Driftr is a travel social network allowing users share details on their travel experiences.
EditGrid provides online spreadsheet services that allow users to share documents, chat and update files.
Zazengo is a free, shared, online platform for managing activities and projects that create impact in your community.
PlayCafe is an online game show network. Players can compete in a variety of games, chat live with our hosts and players, form teams, call
UpGuppy.com is a fun, new social utility, a promising vehicle for communication, and a useful tool for finding information on the web.
Capazoo is a Canadian social networking and entertainment site. Capazoo comes with the obligatory set of social networking functions,
LifeOnKey operates as a web-based personal health record platform to store, access, manage, and control health information.
Scrapblog is a web-based multimedia scrapbook editor enabling users to combine images, audio, and video onto 'scrapblogs.'
IndigoBoom is an online digital music distribution store enabling users to upload and sell music on iTunes, Spotify and more.
Cooking.com is an online store for kitchen products and offers a collection of recipes and community features.
WhatsOpen is a secretive search startup enabling individuals to look up what and when stores are open.
Blekko offers a web search engine and social news platform that provides users with curated links for the entered search criteria.
jellyfish is an online social shopping site that shares at least 50% of the referral fee or commission with the buyer.
Minti is a social networking site for parents. It allows parents to vote on advices provided by other parents and contains a list of
Entrecard is a blog advertising network allowing members to earn credits by improving and selling blogging-related products and services.
n2N Commerce is a software-as-a-service platform delivering on-demand, cross-channel, e-commerce software to multi-channel retailers.
Onaro develops storage-management software that allows Storage Area Networks to be mapped, predictively tested, and monitored.
NetApp offers storage and data management solutions that enable customers to accelerate business innovations and achieve cost efficiencies.
Boston Power manufactures portable power products such as application-specific rechargeable lithium-ion batteries.
Next2Friends is a mobile social network that supports a proximity network, live video streaming and online video editing.
HaloScan is a full-featured commenting system for blogs.
Meraki provides Cisco-based, cloud-controlled Wi-Fi and routing and security products for distributed wired and wireless networks.
We are building the largest jewelry marketplace.
SugarCRM enables businesses to create extraordinary customer relationships with the most innovative CRM solution in the market.
Equine Now provides online classified ads of horses and horse-related products.
Monster.com is an online network that enables jobseekers to find jobs and employers to access jobseekers in India.
Pudding Media is a mobile advertising company focused on enabling and selling carrier-based inventories.
DeepRockDrive, an online concert website, films artists at a private soundstage and broadcasts them online.
Orglex is a news service delivering content about industries or organizations based on your preferences.
Big Think is a media site that uncovers the big ideas behind the news and an education site that delivers content via multimedia lessons.
Shutterfly is a manufacturer and digital retailer, offering personalized stationery and other related products and services. 
4Home offers an XML-based software and services platform that enables OEMs to deliver applications and services to the connected home.
Soonr is a secure cloud service enabling teams to work together on shared digital content from any device.
Fotosearch is a stock photography company, founded in 1998. The company sells royalty-free and rights-managed photography, illustrations,
Fancast is an online media guide for TV shows and movies, facilitating full length clips of professional content.
PickPackGo Vacation Rentals is an online search site enabling travelers to find, compare and rent vacation homes.
Bluepulse is a mobile social media company offering social networking applications that work on internet-enabled phones.
MFG.com is an online marketplace for the manufacturing industry that enables buyers and manufacturers to interact with each other.
Jobfox is a job search and career networking site connecting job seekers with employers.
Critical Media develops end-to-end digital video solutions that capture, monetize, distribute and syndicate online content.
Mogad offers Social.im, which is a desktop IM assistant that automatically adds the user’s Facebook friends for instant messaging.
iMantri is a niche social network designed to match up mentors with mentees based on corresponding goals and competencies.
Splashtop Inc. delivers the best-in-class cross-screen productivity and collaboration experience.
Fiesta Online is an anime style MMORPG platform for gamers and developers to publish and play online games.
ARPU is a technology company focused on providing advertising and ecommerce solutions for consumers, advertisers and publishers.
Livemocha is a language learning community combining online instructional content with a global community of language learners.
Kadoink provides short messaging service, instant messaging and single-hosted voice system integration services.
Mint Bills is an application that enables its users to set reminders to pay bills.
Bodybuilding.com is a fitness company that provides an online supplement store and fitness-related articles.
Liberty Media operates in the video and online commerce, media, communications, and entertainment businesses.
betNOW is an online mobile betting service enabling users to bet on a variety of games such as horse racing, football and more.
Engine Yard is Platform-as-a-Service providing tools for creating software applications.
Joyent is a cloud infrastructure and big data analytics company offering a solution that powers real-time web and mobile applications.
The Pirate Bay is a website that provides magnet links to facilitate peer-to-peer file sharing using the BitTorrent protocol.
YouFig develops collaboration communities for companies that allow users to build networks based on common interests and projects.
Woot.com is an online store and community that focuses on selling discounted products.
8hands is a desktop application that helps users manage their online social networking activities.
Delver is an intelligent social search engine that enables users to access crowdsourced information.
Journeys is an Israel-based platform developing virtual worlds and massively multiplayer online games (MMOG).
Mpayy is a multichannel payment processor for individuals, small businesses, charities, political parties, e-commerce retailers.
NuConomy offers a web analytics and optimization platform that enables companies to assess website and social marketing performance.
Drop.io was a platform enabling users to create simple private exchange points called drops.
SuccessFactors provides cloud-based human capital management software solutions for business execution.
Fabrik provides online storage and hardware products allowing users to upload and share in digital media.
Widgetbox is a cloud-based advertising platform enabling businesses to create and deliver applications for their customers.
CheerOutLoud is an online community for people who are passionate about cheerleading. The idea was envisioned by Jason Bass, a visionary in
Vibrant Media connects consumers in real time with engaging content and brand experiences — delivered cross platform.
AwareLabs is an online tool that provides an interactive website marketing plan with links to online resources for small businesses.
Songbeat is a desktop application that allows users to search and listen to MP3s using Seeqpod technology.
TicketsNow is an event ticket resale marketplace where fans of live entertainment buy and sell tickets.
RazorGator is an online ticket reselling platform for sports, theater and concert tickets, and vacation packages for sporting events.
YooNew runs is an online exchange platform that applies elements of futures exchange markets to the online ticket reselling business.
Oversee.net is an innovative technology company that owns and operates a portfolio of consumer websites designed to help users discover, com
Zynga provides social game services and develops social games for smartphones, websites and social websites.
Enforta provides broadband telecommunication solutions for enterprises and consumers in the Russian Federation.
VoxSwap matches up people who are trying to learn new languages with the language facilitators.
United Mobile is a global cellular network that allows travelers to use their cell phones and make calls at low prices.
FriendsAbroad is a multi-lingual social network for users across the globe.
Fifth Generation Systems provides industry standards and proprietary enhancement solutions for technological challenges.
WAYN is a travel and lifestyle-based social network enabling users to meet like-minded people.
Newspepper is a global media platform that provides paid internships to students and graduates.
Coworkers.com offers tools to create a personal dashboard to manage, analyze and gain feedback on overall performance of its users.
Zmags provides over 1500 of today's top companies with the content marketing platform they need to deliver instant digital gratification.
Genoom is a social networking platform designed to build private family networks.
Webnode is a free online service enabling anyone to create and manage websites.
CiteHealth is a healthcare ratings platform that enables consumers to evaluate their healthcare provider quality.
Smaato is the global real-time advertising platform for mobile publishers and app developers.
AnsMart is a social Q&A forum that provides financial reward for your effort and time in answering questions.
Frevvo provides live forms to create web forms using a browser to facilitate e-mail registration, database, and business management.
Invite Media is a stealth mode company developing media-buying optimization technology for the display advertising market.
Studyplaces is a one-stop-shop education portal based in India.
Affinity Labs builds online communities to improve the lives, careers and education of their members.
DevZuz develops delivery platforms that link enterprise businesses to application development projects and processes.
Freepath enables users to access, share, and download educational content, media assets, and other digital media.
Big Tent helps real world groups move online and eases administrative burdens on group leaders.
Overlay.TV is a platform that enables web-based video content to be overlaid with images, video, links, tags and commentary.
We make learning and decision making delightful. ALEX, our benefits expert, helps millions of employees understand their benefit options.
ProQuo entered the dead pool on October 7, 2007.
Mercent provides advertising, analytics and merchandising optimization solutions that enable retailers to reach and convert online shoppers.
Mumboe provides the necessary tools for small businesses to manage their contractual agreements online.
Badoo is a social networking site focused on dating, allowing users to chat, make friends and share interests.
UnLtdWorld is an online platform that connects social entrepreneurs with individuals, information, and tools.
Wellsphere is an online community providing health-related information to help users improve their lives.
blinkbox music is an ad-supported music streaming service and an integrated MP3 store providing an easy way to listen to music.
Credit Karma offers truly free access to credit reports and scores, personalized financial recommendations and educational resources.
Boobik is a sexual-themed sharing, social network, and microblogging site.
Scrabulous is a Calcutta-based company that offers online word games.
Greenplum develops database software for business intelligence and data warehousing applications.
Eroshare is a website that allows users to upload and share their erotic photos.
Pornotube is a pornographic website allowing users to watch, share and upload video and audio files.
Quantcast helps create a more personalized digital world.
Blogonize is a blogging platform with a number of innovative features and personalization options.
ReimagineMemories is a hosted anaologue to digital media service. Users mail in their old media and ReimagineMemories converts it to a
TrackMyShipments does just that, track your shipments. Users can view updates online or receive email and SMS updates.
The New York Times creates, collects, and distributes news, information, and entertainment through a daily newspaper and a website.
Twingly is a blog data mining company based in Sweden that connects eCommers and bloggers.
XING is a social network for business professionals to connect and share ideas and projects, as well as find suitable employment.
HouseFront is a real estate search service allowing customers to access property information via mobile devices.
Criteo is a global technology company that serves personalized online display advertisements to consumers on behalf of e-commerce companies.
Amobee is a global marketing technology company that provides cross channel advertising solutions for agencies, brands and publishers.
Proximic provides a real-time assessment of website content for advertisers and visitors of interest.
Visible Measures provides internet video publishers and advertisers with solutions that help measure video-content consumption of users.
CleverSet analyzes online customer behavioral patterns and recommends products to purchase.
Art Technology Group is an internet technology company specializing in e-commerce software and on-demand optimization applications.
iVideosongs is a startup focused on enhancing the music learning experience by providing music tutorials to users through videos.
Roost by VerticalResponse helps local professionals get more business from social media.
IGA Worldwide provides advertisers and video game publishers with technology to include marketing messages within console and PC games.
Adchemy develops SaaS-based software that helps marketers optimize their paid ad campaigns.
Armor Games is a social flash gaming community supporting indie development via “Flash Contests” that fund and motivate flash developers.
Lijit Networks provides innovative advertising services, audience analytics, and reader engagement tools for websites.
HealthCentral offers condition-specific, wellness and health websites that enable users to access content and interact with other patients.
Bizak is a business valuation application which calculates & benchmarks the profitability of internet startups.
XAware delivers software with pre-built data integration solutions and consulting services for data migration or integration problems.
Qtrax is an ad-supported digital music service aimed at providing high-quality downloads via Mac and PC.
Endeca is a software company that sells e-commerce search, customer experience management, enterprise search and business intelligence apps.
Current Media is a cable news network and online destination allowing users to produce the news programming it puts on air and online.
MOLI is a cloud-based social e-commerce services platform for businesses, store owners and like-minded shoppers.
WorldTV is a web-based interface allowing users to create, incorporate, and watch full-screen TV channels created by others.
Cosmotourist is an online travel service that maps countries, regions and cities with routes, accommodation and restaurants.
Sway is a technology firm developing tools for global brands, small businesses, and marketing agencies.
Mobivox is a service enabling users to have VOIP-style pricing and services via their existing landlines and mobile phones.
A product of project management software firm QG Software, 5pm is a browser-based project management tool.
WonderHowTo is a community-based instructional video guide website enabling users to search, browse and discover 'how-to' videos.
GeoDentist provides an online service for patients looking for dentists throughout the United States.
AdaptiveBlue operates GetGlue, a social entertainment network allowing users to 'check in' to the shows, movies and sports they consume.
Pando Networks is a peer-to-peer media distribution company improving the delivery performance of online media assets.
Jangl enables consumers to exchange text messages, phone calls, and voicemail without revealing their real contact numbers.
Intel Corporation designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide.
Adap.tv, now a part of ONE by AOL, transforms the way programmatic video advertising is bought and sold.
ClipBlast! is a video web search and distribution technology.
Mashery is a TIBCO company providing API management services that enable companies to leverage web services as a distribution channel.
CastTV, an internet video search and aggregation company, provides users with a daily catalogue of TV shows, movies and trending videos.
Spotplex is an online content aggregation service that provides an instant, impartial ranking of popular news articles.
Fleck is an online service that allows users to post public and private text notes on webpages.
Wakoopa develops multi-device passive metering technology which collects behavioural data from research participants.
When CoRank launched in March of 2007, it was a stand alone Digg clone. It has since evolved into a fully customizable hosted social voting
WatZatSong started working on this idea of song-naming online community in September 2005. The website was officially launched in June
Gumiyo provides multiplatform mobile publishing tools and solutions for media, agencies and independent software vendors.
Bubble Guru offers an embeddable video bubble for your website or your emails. Its service allows you to record short videos directly from
MyPublicInfo, Inc. (MPI) was founded to provide consumers with their own background check information and identity theft-prevention tools.
Ooma is a consumer telecommunications company that allows its users to make phone calls in the U.S. and Canada with no monthly service fee.
Checkster develops a personal feedback management engine for individuals to grow and develop in their careers.
Cofoundr is a private social network for entrepreneurs, programmers, designers, investors and other individuals interested in new ventures.
Niche fashion social media company.
ScanScout is a technology-driven video advertising network connecting brands and consumers through internet-connected digital devices.
Spigit crowdsourcing software helps companies enable process innovation, breakthrough ideas, cost reduction, and employee engagement.
Truphone develops mobile apps that allow people to make free and low cost international calls on their mobile phones via the internet.
Hightail helps more than 45 million professionals around the world securely share files and folders from anywhere.
STN Labs is a group of passionate individuals dedicated to nurturing good business ideas. Their core competency is technology and new
The Brand Science Institute is a think-tank in brand and consumer management questions.
ClipSync is a simple application that works in the background to keep the user's Android and Windows clipboards in sync.
Motorola Solutions is a data communications and telecommunications equipment provider.
Procter & Gamble is an American multinational consumer goods company offering personal care products, pet food, cleaning agents, and more.
GE is building the world by providing capital, expertise and infrastructure for a global economy. GE Capital has provided billions in financ
Xdrive provides digital asset management, online storage and file sharing services.
Heroku is a multi-language cloud application platform that enables developers to deploy, scale, and manage their applications.
Lookery provides demographic marketing services that enable social networks to distribute their data as targeting information.
Cubics is an advertising network that allows advertisers to target users of social networks such as Facebook, Friendster, and Bebo.
comScore is internet analytics company that provides marketing data and analytics to enterprises, agencies, and publishers.
Alexa, a subsidiary of Amazon, is a web information company that offers website information and analytics.
IPRO provides audience demographic data to websites of all sizes. Their SPOTSITE marketplace helps advertisers find targeted audiences
KoolIM.com is a web messenger application that allows you to stay connected with your favorite instant messenger networks.
YouPorn is a free pornographic video-sharing website that also offers an online dating service, a chat room and video chat.
TV Shack links to movies and TV shows on the web and streams them through a custom player on the site.
Expedia is an online travel agency that provides hotel reservations, airline tickets, vacation packages, and more.
Tipjoy is a social payments engine that allows merchants to sell digital content to raise money for causes and individuals to lend money.
FotoFlexer offers an online photo editing app that enables users to edit and upload photos to photo sharing sites.
Mill River Labs offers TradeVibes, an online database of companies enabling users to share, discuss, and evaluate company information.
Bigsight Media Group is the parent company behind bigsight.org, the web's central people directory.
Sharetivity provides a share widget for users to share information through numerous websites and email.
Sitening offers a SaaS-based platform for professionals and agencies to manage and report on SEO and other internet marketing campaigns.
Taptu, a social and media technology company, offers My Taptu, a social news aggregator available for the iPhone and Android mobile devices.
First30days is an online portal that provides people with advice and guidance for important events in life such as marriage and divorce.
Seatwave is an online marketplace that allows users to sell and buy tickets for live events in the UK.
Web2Wave is a new way to manage and share your bookmarks by thematic portfolio. Web2Wave offers to web surfers many innovative
Maugans Corp is a holding company comprised of a number of rapidly growing social media websites.
BreakingPoint Systems provides internet protocol testing systems that develop advanced networking devices for companies.
Senokian offers web-based software, consultancy and infrastructure services. Senokian is a privately held UK-based business-to-business
Salesforce is a global cloud computing company that develops CRM solutions and provides business software on a subscription basis.
Relenta is an email-based contact and task management platform that replaces information overload anxiety with joy of working.
Reshade is a company that specializes in image processing software. The company's website has an online image resizer that can be used free
VisualCV reinvents resumes for networking, business development, and career progression within today’s Web 2.0 environment.
HonestMall is like eBay for fashion, attempting to tackle the commonplace problem of fake products found on eBay.
mSpoke offers an adaptive personalization engine that employs recommendation technology to generate relevant media content.
Bukisa specializes is UGC (User Generated Content) websites, empowering users to share their knowledge with the world.
FutonMedia is a two man team with a focus on making niche applications for specific demographics.
VerticalCurve is an independent web technologies and integration firm focusing on high quality applications and solutions.
Palabea is a video chat platform allowing users from all over the world to learn languages and share knowledge on various topics.
Wolfgang’s Vault is an online destination for live concert recordings and vintage music memorabilia.
project-open is a Spanish company founded by German engineers living in Barcelona. The developers of this open-source based product aim to
LiquidPlanner is a priority-based, predictive online project management solution.
Observu offers a website / API / Server monitoring service. We make it very easy for website owners to check availability and response time
ZiFiMusic is a music discovery service, currently focused on music hosted on MySpace. ZiFiMusic builds search results based on the musical
MyFirstPaycheck.com is a job-posting site for young adults. Along with job and volunteer opportunities, Myfirstpaycheck.com provides advice
PopShops is a product datafeed aggregator with a database of affiliate retail products available to publishers and website niche-builders.
Citrix Online is a remote-connectivity tool providing application delivery infrastructure for users to connect with others globally.
EnterpriseDB develops products that provide enterprise class software subscriptions, support and tools for PostgreSQL.
MetaNotes.com is an infinite online wall of stickynotes that acts like your external brain.
MerchantOS is a web-based point-of-sale and inventory control system that helps retailers record sales and track inventory.
eNotes.com is a comprehensive online educational resource.
Free unlimited storage for storing travel photos, videos and journals.
Web development & community management specialists.
Mergelab delivers news about your friends from across the web. It's a very simple, functional service that scrapes feeds and displays them
Massify is an online film production network for filmmakers, actors and producers to develop projects, connect with talent, and more.
Survey Analytics offers data collection and analysis tools, including online surveys, mobile data collection, and more for enterprises.
Tvosz.com is a place for people who love videos. It lets anyone upload, download, view, share and experience everything from short clips
HotPads is a map-based rental housing and real estate search engine delivering an online and interactive housing search experience.
Craigslist is a classified advertisements website for jobs, personals, for sale and wanted items, services, résumés and discussion forums.
Aductions is an online platform offering a search engine that helps its clients discover advertisement spaces.
VentureBeat is an online technology news platform that is engaged in technology publication and events business.
b5media is a lifestyle media network that publishes women's websites, primarily focusing on fashion, beauty, health, wellness and parenting.
Weblogs is a network of weblogs covering a variety of subjects, from computers and gaming to food and independent films.
Gawker Media is an American online media company and blog network.
Avid Life Media is a social entertainment company that operates brands and communities on the internet.
Recruit.net operates a network of multilingual job search engines that enable individuals to find suitable jobs across multiple countries.
Autonet Mobile provides internet services and always-on Wi-Fi service for cars.
idiomag is a high-quality, digital magazine currently personalized to each individual user's interests in music.
Openomy is an Online File System offering 1gb of free storage, a supposedly scalable infrastructure, and claims 50,000 users.
ClayValet is a new online personal shopping service. Real people read requests and recommend products. Users can submit a report on what
mobileStorm is a communications service provider helping businesses implement mobile communication strategies for health and marketing.
Stuffable dubbs itself Show & Tell 2.0. It's a place where people can show off their stuff. Show off your gadgets, your collectibles, your
Pligg enables users to create an online community where anyone can submit articles, vote on them, and leave comments.
TalentSpring is a SaaS-based candidate sourcing platform enabling employers to find suitable applicants via a database of resumes.
FanBoom is a Facebook marketing solution for businesses who create custom Facebook pages.
Metromole.com, a Manhattan based startup, provides an online classifieds service that emphasizes powerful searches through specialized
skinnyCorp is a technology company that designs websites.
FUPEI is an Indonesian social network.
SpaceTime provides the software for surfing the web in 3D.
Collarity provides search and discovery widgets that are embeddable on websites to increase higher page views and conversion rates.
Offermatica Corporation develops and markets software for website content testing and performance optimization.
AshleyMadison.com is a married dating service and social network for those engaged in relationships but looking to have an affair.
99Widgets is a network providing webware and social platform services for small and medium-sized content providers.
Inside is a technology consultancy and web development company that specializes in the travel trade industry.
IT services company specializing in Video-on-demand platforms and IT Service Management.
UGAME is a social network for all gamers, from players of casual flash games to competitive online gamers.
Apivision.com creates E-Commerce solutions for the Web. Apart from running two web apps: HitRSS and Nozbe they also create solutions for
RocketOn is a consumer-based web company developing a platform for running virtual worlds on top of any website.
In April 2007 MyPersianBuddies, a social network for Iranians across the globe, was launched by Shervin Aminifar.
China-8 is a language social network that enables people to exchange knowledge and information.
Chinese hour offers online learning tools for those wishing to learn how to speak Chinese.
Convos, a web-based platform, allows organizations to manage membership, communicate and share information in online groups.
Gliffy is an online diagram editor for creating and sharing flowcharts, network diagrams, floor plans, user interface designs and more.
JetNumbers is a provider of Virtual Phone Numbers worldwide. It automatically forwards the calls to a fixed, mobile, SIP or Skype phone
PeoplePerHour.com is a marketplace connecting small businesses and freelancers
Brownstoner Media publishes the popular blog about Brooklyn real estate, Brownstoner.com. Publishing over 20 posts a day about everything
SpotXchange is a video advertising platform that helps users maximize their digital video advertising, buying and selling experience.
Maven Networks is an online video platform provider with end-to-end video syndication, content management and advertising solutions.
Capcom is a Japanese manufacturer and distributor of video games and electronic game machines engaged in the digital content business.
The Point is a website helping individuals to find solutions for issues collectively.
Rent.com, an online property rental site, enables users to find suitable apartments and gives advice on how to move in to their new space.
MyNewPlace is an apartment and home rental website.
Hubbuzz is a website that allows users to search for apartment rentals available in the U.S.
PlanJam is an online activity-planning tool.
Vuzit is an AJAX and HTML5 document viewer for sharing, viewing, controlling images and other sensitive content on the web.
Mixbook is a free online service for creating and sharing customizable photo books, cards and calendars.
VisitorNetworks produces a Guest Networking Management appliance that is OEM'd by Cisco as the Cisco NAC Guest Server.
Kazowie is a user-generated social shopping network.
E! Entertainment Television, Inc. engages in the production and distribution of entertainment news and lifestyle-related programming. It
Otrib.com is a free, national funeral planning, notification and tribute service
Lunarr is a service going into private beta that promises to put an end to the habit of emailing documents back and forth to collaborate.
Booyah Networks is a digital marketing and technologies company. Through our Booyah Agency and SpotXchange Group divisions, we offer the
tomatic is a venture by Austrian serial entrepreneur Thomas Marban, focused on creation and funding of micro web properties.
GameDuell is a cross-platform social games community that develops games for its website, as well as social networks and mobile devices.
Headstrong provides brain training software for concerned baby-boomers to check and work to improve their mental abilities.
Experian provides analytical tools and marketing service to help clients manage their commercial and financial decisions.
Paglo is an on-demand search engine for IT.
What They Like provides parents with a variety of media guides and resources for their children.
Bungee Labs creates interactive web applications, and automates SOAP and REST-based web services.
Toronto-based Zytran Corporation's main product is Alertle, a web based feed reader.
Yodio is a production engine for creating and managing content included in mobile applications and web pages.
LittleEngine is a directory for Small Businesses who want to advertise, network and communicate with their local communities.
Movaya is a Seattle-based mobile commerce service provider that develops and markets mobile content management e-commerce solutions.
stickK.com is a US based internet startup company that enables users to create custom contracts.
DoubleClick, a subsidiary of Google, develops and provides internet ad serving services.
ManageMyAdvertising.com provides: Advertising Strategies and Planning Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Media Buying and Planning Advertising
Jirbo is a provider of iPhone and mobile software engineering, breakthrough mobile advertising, and casual mobile entertainment.
Kaddoz is a local gift recommendation application present on the web at www.kaddoz.com and on the iphone (kaddoz iphone app) that allows
Bragster is a global social networking and video sharing website where users dare each other to perform stunts and tasks.
HealthcareMagic is a website enabling people to get real-time medical advice from doctors.
amiando offers SaaS-based online event registration and ticketing services for business and entertainment events.
SpinSnap.com is a discovery engine designed to let the internet come to you.
Oddcast develops customized video and avatar-based marketing products for small and medium sized businesses and consumers.
uVuMobile is a video content distribution services company. The company offers advertising-based solutions across various new media
Qype is a social network based around user reviews of businesses and places.
HEXIO is a data mining service that extends the utility of link-shortening into business intelligence.
RankOne Media builds online community technology.
Escapia is a vacation rental industry software producer offering EscapiaONE, a vacation rental management software application.
Salesforce Radian6 is a social media monitoring platform for marketers to study customer opinions on their products in real-time.
Pivotal Labs develops web and mobile products that develops enterprise infrastructures for business platforms.
MyCityFaces is a networking and advertising site that enables individuals to create profiles featuring the products and services they offer.
Snap Technologies offers distributed media network that provides websites and blogs.
TwoFish develops data platforms that manage virtual economies for social, gaming and entertainment markets.
Clicks2Customers provides performance-based search marketing solutions that help clients improve the efficiency of paid search campaigns.
Qifang is a Chinese peer-to-peer lending online community focused on student loans.
PPDAI is an online platform for peer-to-peer small unsecured loans in China.
Advaliant provides end-to-end, performance-based services and solutions for publishers and advertisers.
Three Rings is a self-contained game development studio focused on creating online games.
UnsubCentral provides tools to manage email lists across commercial email channels.
PostUp is an email and software development service provider.
Q Interactive is an online direct marketing company providing interactive marketing services to advertisers, agencies, and publishers.
openPeople is a social networking community.
ChoiceStream improves ad relevance and campaigns by providing optimum advertising opportunities based on consumers' active preferences.
Vijarn Kabisa offers iSound, which allows unsigned artists to create their own rich websites.
GroundReport is a global citizen journalism platform that enables anyone to publish news reports and videos and reach a global audience.
Geeks.com, headquartered in Oceanside, CA, is an eCommerce site specializing in computer-related excess inventory, manufacturer-closeouts,
Lulu Press operates as a web-based electronic publishing company that allows customers to publish and sell online content.
2 Under Entertainment is a new entity within the entertainment industry. The foundation of the company is centered on the creation of
Maxis is a video game developer and is a subsidary or Electronic Arts (EA). They're best know for creating the best selling computer game
Smalltown is an online advertising network catering the needs of local merchants and thier customers.
Local2Me connects you with a group of people in your neighborhood, anywhere in the United States.
Where, a PayPal service, is focused on leveraging location technology and data in mobile to enhance relevancy in advertising.
Exclusif Entertainment is a production and promotions company for mass media, performing arts, audio recording and other related events.
TV Guide is an online entertainment portal covering TV listings, movies, celebrities, photos and more.
Shelfari is a social cataloging website that allow book lovers to create virtual bookshelves and keep track of what they read.
LibraryThing is a social cataloging web application for storing and sharing book catalogs and various types of book metadata.
MomentVille is a place for people to make their own personal wedding websites. It is a quick and easy way to share and remember the special
EveryBlock is a neighborhood news and discussion site that contains a mix of conversations, news and civic data from U.S. cities.
8aweek calculates the time users spend in the internet by monitoring their surfing behavior.
Secondbrain helps users to create collections of content that they find online.
Flypaper allows subscribers to create multi-touch, interactive or motion graphics content for digital signage.
ASMALLWORLD is a membership-based social media platform and an international lifestyle club.
Sparkplay Media develops browser-based MMO games and a platform for developers.
Hydra Group operates a performance-based, multichannel digital ad platform that drives new sales, leads, and ad engagements.
Fidg't is a centralized control point for social networks. Fidg't brings together contacts from across multiple networks and platforms
TheLadders is an online recruitment service provider for finding candidates for available job opportunities.
CareerBuilder, an online recruiter based in the United States, provides employers with recruitment support.
QponDirect is a marketing services and software development company providing digital services for manufacturers, retailers, and consumers.
Cellfire is a provider of digital coupons in the U.S., offering easy client access to retailers and brands.
HomeAway offers a platform in which travelers can browse and book vacation homes, and rental owners can advertise and manage bookings.
CyberRentals is a web portal for real estate owners to rent vacation properties online.
Abrite is a French vacation planning service.
HomeAway, Inc. (NASDAQ:AWAY), based in Austin, Texas, is the world's leading online marketplace of vacation rentals, with sites
GreatRentals.com was founded in 1996 by Pat and Jan VanVoorhis to market their vacation condo in Florida.
The Number 1 German vacation rental marketplace for private vacation home owners. The portal features 210,000 live properties worldwide and
UKs no.1 holiday rentals site
TripHomes was acquired by HomeAway in Feb 2005.
VRBO provide an online space for homeowners to advertise their vacation properties for travelers worldwide.
DealNews provides the best deals available on computers, technology, gadgets, and other items.
Slickdeals is a user-driven deal-sharing site enabling consumers to collaborate and share information that facilitate shopping decisions.
TiVo is a digital video recorder that allows users to save TV programs for later viewing based on an electronic TV programming schedule.
Netflix is engaged in the internet delivery of TV shows and movies directly on TVs, computers, and mobile devices.
Gorilla Nation is an online branded sales company selling site-specific, integrated media and promotional programs.
Wipido is a social-gaming site utilizing the wipidoTV tool to record the games you play to a video file.
LexDex is an online and mobile flash card service for students. The most obvious usage is for foreign language vocabulary. On the site,
Fluc is building the world’s first social marketplace for consumers to search, discover, and purchase freshly-made food.
BuzzFeed is the social news and entertainment company.
One Voice Technologies, Inc. is a global voice technology company with over $43 million invested in Research and Development and deployment
Audio Lunchbox was founded in April 2003 by 4 guys with a common vision: to increase exposure and availability of great independent music.
Whiteages is a provider of identity information for people and businesses, and a developer of mobile apps and business services.
Stagr is an online apparel company founded by Nick Swinmurn, who also founded Zappos.
Octabox is a home for managing and collaborating information. It provides a simple and uniform interface for many familiar tools such as
Subimage LLC provides web services and open-source software utilizing the framework Ruby on Rails.
MOG, a next-generation music media company, offers on-demand streaming music services through multi-platform access to a library of songs.
Covalent is the leader in products, support and services for Apache, Tomcat, Geronimo, ActiveMQ, Axis, and Roller.
CarGurus is an online automotive destination that assists users in contacting sellers and comparing local listings for new and used cars.
LiveUniverse develops, produces and distributes film and television properties, commercials, and promotional and corporate videos.
PerfSpot is a web portal that enables users of any age, gender or background to share their interests and favorite things on the web.
Yulop (pronounced: you loop), a privately held company, based out of Bangalore, India, creates India-specific portal websites.
Betfair is a betting exchange that enables punters to choose their own odds and bet against each other.
With ShareMethods, users can easily create, manage, and share documents on-demand. ShareMethods provides secure web access to document
Cookthink is a cooking website. The â€œcookthink itâ€ search tool is what makes their offering different from their competitors'. Users
SiteSpect is an optimization platform enabling web and mobile app marketers to improve conversion rates and engagement.
Cross-platform developer of mobile and social games founded in 2010 by Chris DeWolfe, Aber Whitcomb, & Josh Yguado.
Qbox is a social concert platform providing promotion, ticketing, and concert services for bands around the world.
Danger provides the software platform and hardware behind T-Mobile’s Sidekick phone.
Silobreaker is an online tool that takes a more holistic approach to intelligence based on findings in news, blogs, feeds and social media.
Devunity is a collaboration tool that enables code developers to share their work with colleagues.
Renren.com is an online social network service that offers an extensive interactive communication platform for Chinese users.
Xiaonei is a Chinese social networking site for college students that mimics Facebook.
AskPoodle.com is a human-powered local yellow page directory set up for businesses to respond to customer requests for good or services in
A site collecting the most entertaining and provocative advertising.
Skyrove is a Wi-Fi hotspot provider in South Africa. Its focus is on providing Wi-Fi billing & management solutions suitable for developing
Quirk was founded in February 2010, to facilitate the translation of real-world connections to a rapidly growing number of social networks.
Winescorecard.com LLC employs highly sophisticated machine learning methods to provide the typical wine consumer with personalized wine
Open Source Food is an online community of food lovers to submit recipes where members can rate them.
Coverty offers development testing solutions that are used to find defects and security vulnerabilities in source codes.
Fortify Software offers security assurance solutions that address the threats posed by security flaws in business-critical software apps.
Hurdan is a question answering website.
Stumpedia.com is a social search and bookmarking site that relies on human participation to index, organize, and review content.
Planbus offers a web syndication engine platform that enables users with the same interests to form a search engine social network.
Ticket ABC is a low cost, feature rich & future focused white label ticketing and venue management solution used by 125 promoter and venues.
QuickInsert is a website content sharing and protection widget. Adopters place one line of code on their site, allowing users to register
Come to Chowhound for recipes, instruction, news, entertainment, discussion, and advice. They deliver it via audio, video, and everything
Maktoob is an Arabic social network providing services such as email, discussion forums, news, blogs, games, and other community services.
Sitemasher develops SaaS-based tools for creating and maintaining websites.
Kindo Network is an internationally-focused web-based family networking platform that spans generations.
AirMagnet provides security and troubleshooting WLAN software, including site survey and design, RF interference detection, and more.
Enabling more efficient fleets.
fotopedia offers a travel and discovery app with an inbuilt collaborative photo encyclopedia.
Foneshow offers a telephony-based distribution platform for short form audio such as news, sports, and radio programming.
1UP Media Inc is a performance marketing agency located downtown Toronto specializing in custom strategic digital marketing solutions.
RealNames is an online platform offers an internet naming solution and navigation system for internet users.
Hello! We are ClerksWell, a Sitecore and SharePoint services specialist. We’ve been a leader in the field of design and build digital
Compulsivo obsesses over writing simple Web-based software products for small businesses. Their first product, Prefinery, is simple, online
Apache Software Foundation provides organizational, legal and financial support for the Apache community of open-source software projects.
Calista Technologies provides virtual device solutions for Windows.
ePrep offers online video instructions provided by expert teachers to help students reach their education goals.
Accell is a French provider of telecommunications services.
YouNoodle enables founders of start-ups to get advice, prizes and opportunities from start-up competitions, accelerators and programs.
AboutUs.org is a freely editable wiki internet domain directory that lists websites along with information about their content.
SnapNames is a domain name auction site for previously registered domain names, providing a back-ordering technology.
CoAdna Photonics develops fiber-optic solutions for dense wavelength division multiplexing (DWDM) optical networks.
Based in San-Francisco, 3D3R Software studios provides consulting, rapid-prototyping and outsourcing to the software industry.
EkoPLC develops and markets technology for the transmission of IP over the existing electrical wiring within a building.
Trackur is a social media monitoring tool for companies and PR professionals to study consumer opinions about their brands.
doubleTwist, a digital media company, lets users send photos and videos to their friends and sync their media library to portable devices.
EnergyWeb Solutions provides online ordering and delivery scheduling solutions for heating oil and propane delivery.
Exalead is a software company that provides search platforms and search-based applications for consumer and business users.
mobikade is an online social networking community that offers free mobile phone games and SMS services.
Evolve makes it easy for gamers to connect, coordinate, and play games with friends online.
Motionplan, Inc. is a custom learning software such as eLearning, instructor-led training, systems simulation, performance support
Princeton Review offers classroom-based print and online products and services to students, educators and educational institutions.
sMoneyBox is a nice little way to track expenses . Best of all it has support for currencies which means that you pesky Americans don't get
Avot Media offers an advanced mobile video delivery platform for content owners and wireless operators.
Pollsit.com is a website for users to discuss the most important topics in their life. Pollsit.com allows its users to gauge opinions of
MediaTrust offers PerformanceExchange, a CPC bidding and customer delivery system that connects advertisers with customers in real time.
FreeAgent provides online accounting and money management software for small businesses and freelancers.
EDS is a technology services company providing information technology and business process outsourcing services.
Epicurious is a website providing recipes, menus, cooking articles and food guides.
FOOD NETWORK is a unique lifestyle network and Web site that strives to be way more than cooking.
Tacit Software operates illumio which is a productivity tool for monitoring news, blogs, and wikis and sharing knowledge with others.
Group2call is a voice and message broadcast service for sending voice, SMS and email messages via mobile and the web.
Hotwire.com is a travel site that offers low rates on airline tickets, hotel rooms, rental cars, cruises, and vacation packages.
JackPot Rewards is an online retail portal providing shopping and sweepstakes loyalty programs.
GenieTown is an online marketplace for connecting specialized service providers and consumers in the local community.
Paprika Lab is a technology-driven social gaming company developing web services and iPhone games.
AdoTube is an in-stream video advertising solution for publishers and advertisers to target and optimize their campaigns.
Appear is an enterprise mobility vendor specialized in construction and transportation.
Steek is a white-label online storage web2.0 based application company providing operators, ISP, portals and OEM value-added services and
RiffTrax features funny audio commentaries by Michael J. Nelson and other stars of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Unype Inc. is a technology startup based in New York City. The core product of the company is the Unype Platform which consists of the
Online travel publisher, founded by James Dunford Wood and James Blackwell, founders of travelintelligence.com.
GeniusRocket develops video advertising content by leveraging a fully-vetted community of creative professionals.
kelDOM is a leading internet company in the french overseas territories (Martinique, Guadeloupe, Guyane, Réunion).
P2P Next provides open source, participatory media delivery mechanisms with social and collaborative connotations using the P2P paradigm.
BBC is a large-scale broadcasting corporation that offers content to inform, educate, and entertain people.
FameCast is an interactive, branded entertainment platform focusing on contest-centered marketing campaigns.
Grooveshark is a free web-based music application that enables internet users listen to music on-demand.
Autonomy Corporation develops software that process human information and unstructured data.
StubHub is an online ticket marketplace enabling fans to buy and sell tickets to entertainment events.
First Data Corporation provides electronic commerce and payment solutions for merchants, financial institutions and card issuers.
HD Greetings is a web services platform allowing personalized video delivery for marketing campaigns, e-cards, and user-generated content.
Redux delivers a lean-back TV experience programmed by curators and friends who share the same taste.
8coupons is a discovery and comparison engine that provides location-based deals on products and activities.
Howard Baines offers clients strategic planning, consultancy, and design and development services.
Pembridge provides finance and advice to help entrepreneurs grow and realise value from business.
Evernote is a suite of software and services that allow users to capture, organize, and find information across multiple platforms.
Inkling offers collective intelligence solutions for businesses to make operational and strategic decisions.
Music Nation is a discovery and recommendation engine connecting fans and artists across multiple platforms using music, MP3s and videos.
Nutra Pharma Corp., a biopharmaceutical company, engages in the acquisition, licensing, and commercialization of pharmaceutical products
ePillager brings innovative and interactive applications to Facebook users.
Raptr is a social platform that automatically updates a person’s gaming status in real-time.
HipLogic is a mobile content delivery platform offering user interface designs for device manufacturers and network operators.
Apartments.com is an online resource providing information and images of apartments available for rent in U.S. cities.
Intuit provides business and financial management solutions for SMBs, financial institutions, consumers and accounting professionals.
Bright.com is a job matching tool that uses a computer algorithm to determine a potential employee’s suitability for a particular position.
GenieKnows.com is an advertising network on the B2B side, and a vertical search engine on the end-client side.
JuicyCampus is a website focusing on gossip, rumors, and rants related to colleges and universities in the United States.
Swarmcast is a distribution company for high-quality online video. Swarmcast's Autobahn Platform offers a suite of delivery services built
GoldSpot Media provides rich media and video building and reporting for mobile, tablet, and desktop.
Mobixell Networks provides multimedia and advertising solutions for the mobile telecommunication sector.
Ad Infuse provides targeted mobile marketing and advertising solutions for customers in the U.S. and Europe.
Inform Technologies develops apps that enable media companies to enhance content creation, curation, distribution and monetization.
iOpener develops systems for real-time tracking of vehicles and offers complete solutions for the automotive and motorsport sectors.
EVO Media Group offers DevHub, a website creation platform employing internet technologies for publishers and designers.
Academic Capital Exchange (ACE), a peer-to-peer student loan marketplace, helps students obtain financial support and professional guidance.
Camlink is an online dating site designed to link singles together through live speed dating sessions.
Covario is a search marketing agency and tech firm providing search and content marketing services to enterprise brands and retailers.
SendMe Mobile provides direct-to-consumer mobile content subscriptions with content ranging from ringtones and games to wallpapers.
Inuk is an internet protocol television (IPTV) provider that supplies broadcast quality TV via the internet to closed IP-based networks.
MapMyTracks provides GPS tracking on the web that enables athletes to track, analyze and share their outdoor activities.
Sxoop Technologies is a software development concern focused on creating web-based photo management solutions.
Kluster is a crowdsourcing platform allowing project administrators to obtain ideas from community members.
TripSailor is a niche social network for sailors that helps to share the offshore life online.
Opera develops and sells web browsers for the desktop, device, and mobile markets worldwide.
BlogTalkRadio is a site allowing people to set up a podcast or radio talk show over the web.
ClassicWines.com is an online wine community and wine product directory with exclusive editorial and video content to help consumers select
HealthLat provides an online marketplace for observations of adverse side effects, efficacy, and off-label uses reported by physicians.
Operation Sports is a hobby site providing visitors with sports video games, news and commentaries.
Realtime Applications, Inc was formed in 2004 after already having the prototype of WyaWorks developed by co-founder John Hyde.
Mo'Blast was a publisher, reseller, and marketer of mobile applications. The company's focus was primarily on mobile apps that employ
groovr is a mobile social network based in Los Angeles.
Mobypicture is a service that enables users to share photos, videos, text and audio directly with their friends on social sites.
Tiny Pictures is an online platform for users to upload, store and share photos with friends.
Zorpia is a social networking site that enables like-minded people, dates and gaming buddies to communicate with each other.
Imity is a mobile social network that locates and enables users to send basic profile information to other members' phones via Bluetooth.
MobiLuck is a mobile location-based social network allowing users find nearby friends, people and places.
iRovr is the first social experience made exclusively for iOS.
Topper Search takes search results from standard web engines and applies machine learning to user feedback.
Dell is a multinational technology company that develops, sells, repairs and supports computers and related products and services.
Flurry provides analytics solutions for businesses to monitor the trends and habits of mobile users across multiple mobile applications.
ooVoo is a social video chat application enabling users to chat with a maximum of twelve people on the same time.
Issuu, a digital publishing and discovery platform, connects people to content created by publishers sharing the same passion.
Group Accounting and Money Mgmt.
Popularo is a user driven social news aggregation website launched in February 2008. It is based on the theory that a user should vote for
Fishpool Creations is a Finland-based web design and IT consulting shop. They are the team behind the recently released Scred, a site for
Howcast is a website that provides instructional, short-form how-to videos and text content.
Animax Entertainment is a creative technology studio that produces original games and virtual worlds on social networks.
NewACT develops a suite of mobile products.
2threads is a fashion-focused social network based in Sydney, Australia.
Blogged is a directory that offers overviews, ratings, reviews and comments on a categorized list of popular blogs.
SugarSync is a data sync, file sharing and online backup solution ideal for busy professionals and digitally-connected consumers.
Manvite is an online invitation service designed specifically for men. The stripped-down functionality of Manvite.com provides an easy way
Cricket Media provides award-winning content on a safe and secure learning network for children, families and teachers. www.CricketMedia.com
National Geographic is a magazine publication that focuses on geography, archaeology, natural science, world culture and history.
Phorm is a personalization technology company making content and advertising more relevant to consumers by utilizing ISP data.
BillShrink provides a free, online service to help consumers make better purchase decisions for complex product categories.
Reble offers a software downloading solution for Windows that allows users to stream music from others who also havr Reble installed.
JUKKIN! TV is a 100% free major international video network. It was created for people who want to meet directors, music producers, film
Teneros develops SaaS-based solutions for app and data continuity for the Microsoft Exchange email servers.
Celebrations.com is a platform that facilitates party hosting by providing online invitations, e-cards, party ideas, and planning tips.
Skobee calls itself the best way to make everyday plans.
Outbrain is a content discovery platform providing publishers a service for recommended links to increase traffic and generate revenue.
Leverage Inc. provides a free personal web application for users to manage their gift cards, loyalty/rewards programs, and retailer offers
FanDuel offers fantasy sports with daily games for real money.
DivX creates, distributes and licenses digital video technologies that enable consumers to enjoy video experiences on any device.
Wishlisting.com is a free wishlist service, similar to Amazon's wishlists. Items are added via a browser toolbar button, enabling users to
Evri is a news reading platform that offers a personalized and topic-based approach to news aggregation.
Kazeon Systems develops and provides electronic discovery solutions in the United States.
Adegga is an online service that helps users track wines that they like and get recommendations from known colleagues.
iambic, Inc. is an independent software vendor (ISV) of productivity-enhancing software applications for Palm OS, Windows Mobile Pocket PC,
PhotoCrank is a site where you can 'crank' photos, ie add text bubbles, graphics, etc. Comments and captions are drag-n-drop. The site
Parametric Ventures, Inc. aims to build a portfolio of web applications that provide unique value and appeal to the social nature of the
Mochila is a content syndication platform offering articles, photos, and videos of various subject areas.
Yodlee is a provider of financial applications that offers solutions for banks, entrepreneurs and individuals.
Fibre2fashion is a B2B portal based in India dedicated to the textile, garment, and fashion industries.
23/6 is a satiric news and opinion website developed by Barry Diller's IAC and The Huffington Post.
YaData provides ad targeting software enabling marketers to micro-segment consumers.
NAVIS develops web-based software for the vacation rental management and independent resort markets.
Oracle is a computer technology corporation developing and marketing computer hardware systems and enterprise software products.
MoFuse, a mobile web content management platform, provides a mobile CMS platform and related services for businesses.
Mowser enables users to view web pages in HTML form on their mobile phones.
SlideRocket is an online presentation platform that allows users to create, manage, share and measure presentations.
Answerology is a startup that aims to solve “miscommunication between the sexes” through relationship advice.
AnswerBag is a social network enabling individuals to ask and answer questions and create polls for various topics.
Zilpy is an online platform that provides rental estimates, trends and market analytics to help users make better investment decisions.
OLX is an online classifieds platform that enables its users to create ads and display them on social networks.
TolMol is a comparison service for India market. It enables its users to search, compare and find the best deal on shopping, travel,
TinyPic is a photo and video sharing service that allows users to upload, link and share their images and videos on the web.
Quintura is a visual-based search engine offering a hosted site search, analytics and ad-insertion service to web publishers.
Clusty is a research-oriented search engine that combines the results and generates an ordered list based on comparative ranking.
BEA provides enterprise application and service infrastructure software enabling companies to streamline operations and cut costs.
Fifteen Reasons is a mobile and web social app that enables users to plan, invite and RSVP for events with friends.
I Heart Movies is a movie collection social network enabling users to categorize, tag, rate and share their collections.
Collactive offers services for communities with similar interests to express their opinion on social media sites.
Panther Express offers a content delivery network that enables content loading performance to internet users.
Qiro operates a mobile and online community.
PayLoadz provides an ecommerce platform that allows users to sell digital items such as software, ebooks and music.
imo's free messaging, voice and video call apps make it easy for you to stay in touch with friends and family around the world.
Love2trade is a FREE trading community that allows you to buy, sell and trade items.
ALi is a supplier of integrated circuits for Digital A/V, STB, PMP, high-speed imaging, storage and multimedia peripheral products.
CyberLink Corp is an enabler of digital multimedia on PCs and CEs. CyberLink owns its core codec and a number of patented technologies.
The XO Group is a lifestage media and technology company dedicated to weddings, pregnancy, and all things in between.
QVC is a video and ecommerce retailer offering various brands to customers around the globe.
ModiFace is a web platform providing users with virtual makeover technology.
Bleacher Report is a digital media company based in America, delivering digital media content on sports around the world.
Yardbarker Network is a sports blogging community.
Apollos.ws offers a database on philosophy of religion, New Testament biblical studies, and more for Christian academics.
The Teaching Company is a developer and marketer of university-level courses for personal development and lifelong learning.
Right Media is the host of the Right Media Exchange, a platform for targeting audiences and monetizing digital media.
Volagratis is a European search engine enabling users to search and book low cost flights.
MercadoFechado is the first social shopping portal of the brazilian market. People can sell and buy things between their friends, ask about
Rocket Lawyer is a provider of simple and affordable online legal services.
Boomerang Data specializes in proactive Managed IT Services and Secure Online Data Backup Protection for Small to Medium sized businesses.
LiveVault provides online data backup and recovery services.
homSALE is now closed. It was a search engine tool available for real estate buyers and sellers. The site combined current MLS, FSBO and
Particle develops innovative products for web and mobile in order to enhance new media technologies.
Totspot allows users to create a private website about their child and share it with a select audience.
Ciaobelli is a global social networking website 100% made in Italy, launched on October 2007.
Webtronic is an Italian based online company, focused mainly on electronic hardware, and selling products BtoB and BtoC.
Folkstr provides agile social network software built using PHP and MySQL.
Mommy.TV - Network for the Juvenile Products Industry
Biographicon is a wiki-based website containing biographies of famous and non-famous people.
Napster is a web browser enabling users to discover, listen and share music files with others.
Heavy Electrons is a privately funded startup based in San Francisco. The company was started in 2008 as a social network centered around
FreshBooks, cloud-based accounting software, allows owners to invoice clients, track time and run their small businesses in the cloud.
Central Desktop provides collaboration software and online business management solutions for small and medium-sized businesses.
SafeNet is an information security company protecting identities, transactions, communications, data and licensing software.
Ingrian Networks offers enterprise data protection and privacy solutions to companies such as Dell, Microsoft, Oracle, IBM and VeriSign.
GetQuik is a leading online catering marketplace.
Bricabox calls itself a social content platform. It allows you to create your own social content site. Wordpress is a platform for
IT'S ART Magazine, published by IT'S ART, is the first English language online magazine in PDF format dedicated to digital arts.
i-together is dedicated to finding and supporting high quality blogs across the whole blogosphere—not just the 'A-list'.
Silkfair is an e-commerce marketplace, similar to eBay. Silkfair focuses on making the selling process as easy and intuitive as possible
Live On The Go allows users to order and pay for take out food via the web, iPhone and iPod Touch from preferred local restaurants.
Tectura provides technology solutions, consulting services, including ERP implementations and solutions to businesses worldwide.
Mzinga provides social software and services that improve brand visibility, workplace satisfaction, and customer loyalty of businesses.
The Internet Archive is a 501(c)(3) non-profit that was founded to build an Internet library.
Hotbar provides consumers free access to a large catalog of free, sought-after online videos and games.
AtomicOnline is a diversified online media company developing consumer internet brands that connect various internet communities.
ProofHQ is an online proofing system that streamlines the process of managing document reviews, proofing and approvals for marketing teams.
BabySpot provides parents with convenient online access to high quality products at affordable prices.
Founder Mark Barry created Bundlo after unsuccessfully looking for a website devoted to children.
An SEO company in Scotland, with a focus on organic SEO for Google. The Hobo blog is a blog updated regularly with tips and info about
PostRank is a real-time engagement monitoring and analytics platform for social web content.
funFOOTER is a tool that allows you to generate footer for your websites and blogs. It generates footer copyright notices and keep them
Phreesia automates the patient check-in process by collecting personal health information on the PhreesiaPad.
NetIDme specialises in digital identity management, and secure communication solutions. NetIDme was established in 2004 to provide internet
Boonty is a developer of online casual games that focus on enhancing social interactions.
Sportgenic, an online media and tech company, connects sport enthusiasts with products and information to fulfill their passion for sport.
crowdSPRING is an online marketplace for crowdsourced logo design, web design, graphic design, industrial design and writing services.
Fanpop is a network of fan-driven communities passionate about pop culture and entertainment.
99designs is a graphic design company that creates logos, websites, applications, business cards, book covers, vehicle wraps, and more.
Innofidei is a provider of chips and system solutions for the mobile television market.
Fellowforce is an open innovation and problem-solving platform for organizations.
Blogebrity is a service that derives inbound links to a person's blog or website.
Access Intelligence is a B2B media company serving the energy, defense, healthcare, satellite, media and public relations markets.
Mapicurious provides point of interest collection and distribution, custom branded mapping applications, and georeferencing services.
CheetahMail provides online marketing solutions that enable enterprises to optimize email communications.
LowerMyBills provides online services for compiling and comparing the plans and rates of monthly subscription-based services.
Equifax manages financial, demographic, employment, and marketing information in the U.S., Canada, the U.K, and Brazil for commercial uses.
Yesmail provides email marketing solutions that integrate mobile, web, and social channels for marketers.
Printfection is a t-shirt printing company providing online software, printing, fulfillment, and customer service.
Ifbyphone is Now DialogTech, the Global Leader in Call Analytics and Automation.
Grasshopper enables entrepreneurs to build a virtual office that connects callers to employees, wherever they are.
Elance, an Upwork company, is an online service for finding and hiring leading freelancers from more than 180 countries.
Guru is an online marketplace allowing businesses to find support from freelancers worldwide.
LiveRail is a monetization platform for video publishers.
Adzilla enables ISPs to deliver user behavioral and demographic info-based advertisements to publisher sites and advertising networks.
Sticviews designs personalized prints for laptop skins, car decals, window signs, stickers and wall graphics.
User experience design agency, product development shop and content publisher that specializes in UX for fast growing startups.
Testseek's main purpose is to inform consumers about the quality and performance of products.
Paxfire generates ad revenue for network operators from address bar searches and DNS error traffic.
Minor Studios is a game development company offering Atmosphir, a free 3D platform and game creation tool for Mac, PC, and Linux.
OpenDNS provides enterprise security to more than 65 million daily users, and 10,000+ paying businesses. It was acquired by Cisco for $635m.
Kareo delivers web-based software that helps small practice physicians run their business and get paid by insurance companies and patients.
My Neighbourhoods is an online service that allows users to find out more about the area in which they live.
Pixoo is a service that takes a copy of your profile portrait and photoshops it to make you look better.
Pidgin develops and operates technologies and services for the social web and web communities.
VOIS creates an on-demand community platform for people to buy and sell products and services.
BOOMj is a lifestyle social network for Baby Boomers and Generation Jones.
VZnet Netzwerke is a social networking platform focused on German speaking students.
Asus is a computer hardware and electronics company offering products such as PCs, LED/LCD panels, mobile phones, and networking equipment.
Asterpix offers Searchlight, a tool for websites that analyzes the page users are on and generates a tag cloud of words and phrases.
GoodBarry, an integrated online business system, offers website content management, e-commerce, business analytics and simple CRM.
Move is an online real estate platform operating various websites for rental listings, home finance services and moving services.
nobosh.com is a business, finance and technology news site that uses multiple algorithms to aggregate relevant media content.
Repptide tracks changing public opinions about politics, people, and issues that matter to you.
Miro is Participatory Culture's core project. It's a free open-source desktop video application that is designed to make mass media
WebRidesTV.com is a streaming video website and community for car enthusiasts. Everything at WebRidesTV is done in house, including
Innovid is the world’s leading video platform for advertisers to create, deliver and measure video experiences on any device.
Since 2004, Aidmas Corporation has delivered enterprise-level, campaign management Software-as-a-Service at an affordable price.
Kulabyte is a company that specializes in real-time, high-quality video encoding for streaming events.
Rutube is a Russian internet site that streams and distributes video content made by individuals and companies.
Gazprom-Media Holding comprises television, radio, printing press, cinema production, advertising, movie theaters and internet assets.
Relevad is a semantic web platform and ad exchange company providing a wide range of hosted web services.
Origin Digital enables organizations to capture, convert and publish live and on-demand HD videos on the IP connected devices.
Footnote.com is a subscription-based website featuring original source documents from the world’s finest archives available on the internet.
Since 2006 Moore Laboratories experimented with recommendation technology's, computational linguistics and data-mining.
Akoha develops online and offline social multiplayer games.
Radialpoint provides connected home services solutions for brands to solve consumers’ frustration with their devices and technologies.
CustomerSat offers real-time, multi-channel feedback solutions for building customer satisfaction through analytics and action management.
Vovici provides innovative Voice of the Customer (VoC) technology solutions to help companies engage with their customers.
Satmetrix brings the power of NPS® to customer experience management, to help increase customer lifetime value (CLV) and drive growth.
Most Web Conferencing systems really do nothing more that allow you to show others what your computer desktop looks like.
Bloxes offers blocks made of interlocking corrugated cardboard pieces folded together to build walls, furniture and more.
Randomate is a social network with a focus on speed dating and speed friendships. Their speed dating rooms try to work like traditional
Ezmo is a Flash-based player enabling users to upload music to the web, organize it into playlists, and share it with friends.
reQall, a voice-enabled personal productivity software, integrates phone, email, text messaging and IM into a mobile memory aid.
Upshot Interactive is the company behind Shyftr (which stands for Share Your Feeds Together).
Boxaroo helps people get their items listed and sold on eBay using a simple web interface with minimal registration.
BrightSide Software offers user-driven, SaaS-based products for the enterprise software market.
Atlantic Metro Communication is a managed IT service provider offering hosting and network connectivity solutions.
Chatterous is a communications services platform enabling group chatting via web, IM, email and mobile phones.
Vizu Corporation is an enterprise technology platform allowing advertisers to target audiences through the purchase funnel.
Toluna provides an online market research tech suite that enables organizations to create surveys, manage panels, and build communities.
doXtop is a web publishing platform that enables users to share their expertise with others and reap rewards.
PacketFront manufactures advanced broadband routers, CPEs and ADSL equipment.
Clickshare Service helps publishers and producers of news, video, audio, and other intellectual property to monetize their content.
Taltopia is an online marketplace that enable aspiring musicians, actors, and other artists to showcase themselves.
Zicasso is an online luxury travel referral service that matches discerning travelers with the industry’s top 10% travel specialists.
Tripology is an interactive travel referral service connecting travelers with qualified and customer-rated travel specialists.
SkimLinks is a simplified affiliate marketing tool for publishers to convert existing links into affiliate marketing links.
OSOYOU.com is a fashion and beauty shopping and social website for women.
Thrive is a web-based money-management application that provides financial advice to help users manage their budgets.
ScanDigital enables consumers to convert their photos, slides, negatives, albums, and videos into digital formats.
JigJak mashes up blogging, social bookmarking and syndication on a community-based portal. Visitors to JigJak can search for resources by
Kapow Software harnesses the power of legacy data and big data, making it actionable and accessible across organizations.
PI Corporation develops cloud-based software for personal information management and storage.
Litmos offers a SaaS-based learning management system that enables trainers to merge media-rich content with seamless online delivery.
Vidmeter show the most popular videos on the web.
Ad Chap is an ad network specializing in both monetizing and advertising on social networks like facebook, bebo myspace etc.
The FeedRoom provides online video communications, streaming and digital asset management services.
IZEA creates marketplaces that connect brands with influential content creators and publishers at-scale.
IZEA creates marketplaces that connect brands with influential content creators and publishers at-scale.
SportsUltra is designed to be the ultimate sports news and video site. The idea is to provide all of your favorite team, player and sports
Kazaa is a P2P file sharing app and music subscription service.
Giant Realm offers web content and videos related to gaming, music, entertainment and lifestyle for young men.
Mobenga develops tailor-made mobile solutions that support betting, gaming, content and marketing.
Phantom Fiber Corporation makes a wireless platform that enables mobile secure log-in and transanctions.
Mfuse develops mobile-enabling technology for companies in the gaming, lottery, and participatory TV sectors.
Online training diary.
Dotndot.Com is full-service strategic design firm specializing in creative designing. We focus on creativity executing the specific
MightyQuiz, an online collection of user-generated quizzes, enables users to answer and rate quizzes via a distributable widget and the web.
Logitech is a global manufacturer of computers and electronic peripherals such as gaming, music and communication devices.
ProgrammerMeetDesigner.com enables entrepreneurs, programmers, designers, and writers to connect and work on projects online.
Gloscon is an Open Source consulting company specializing in Drupal and Ruby on Rails development.
Sabet.TV is a social network for artists, designers and film makers. It was created by the founder of Mojizu.com, Ali Sabet.
AirTight® Networks develops cloud-managed Wi-Fi and wireless security solutions for the distributed enterprise.
WiSpry, a fabless semiconductor company, develops RF silicon integrated circuits and components for wireless communication products.
Astoria Software develops content management systems for dynamic product documentation needs.
Vidient develops behavior recognition and video analytics software applied to analyze suspicious human behaviors in commercial buildings.
SpectraSensors manufactures and supplies precision optical laser-based gas analyzers for the energy and petrochemical industries.
Platform Solutions develops open mainframe computers compatible with a set of data center environments and operating systems.
Visto provides mobile messaging and push email services for mobile operators.
Topicle allows users to create vertical search engines by entering in a topic and hand-picking selected URL's to fill that topic.
Everex (Ever for Excellence) is a manufacturer of desktop and laptop personal computers. It was established in 1983 and headquartered in
LiveOps is a cloud-based contact center providing customer service solutions.
JacketFlap is a comprehensive children's book resource and social networking web site for people in the children's book industry.
SmartRatings.com aggregates and displays all expert product reviews about a particular product in a simple organized list.
Janrain provides Customer Identity Management solutions to engage customers, manage customer data, and personalize interactions everywhere.
ClickPass offers OpenID, a browser installation that allows users to sign on to multiple web sites with a single credential.
SearchMe is a search engine that uses visual search and category refinement.
Tokiva - Expat's Mobile Carriers. Low cost international calls - on both mobile and landline.
PointRoll is now Cofactor.
Antics produces and sells real-time 3D animation software. Intelligence embedded in characters and props means that animated sequences can
Global Roaming is a mobile virtual network operator that offers roaming solutions for corporations and leisure travelers.
ATR International is a global staffing firm that helps companies augment their workforces with temporary technical employees.
Polaris Wireless provides software-based wireless location solutions for operators, government agencies and location-based app companies.
Imperva provides activity monitoring, real-time protection and risk management solutions for critical business data and applications.
ForeScout enables organizations to continuously monitor and mitigate security exposures and cyber attacks.
Posit Science Corporation designs and tests clinically validated computer-based brain fitness programs.
AccountNow is a financial services company offering MasterCard and Visa prepaid accounts for people who have been turned away by banks.
Sabrix provides transaction tax management services and software, giving companies a simpler approach to solving complex tax challenges.
QuinStreet is an online performance marketing company providing technologies for businesses to identify their targeted audiences.
EveryScape is an online mapping service that allows its users to view panoramic 3D images from various locations around the world.
Outblaze develops and provides various digital media products and services.
TalkShoe operates a website that offers talk shows and conversations through telephones, mobile phones, and chat for like-minded people.
Workday provides SaaS-based enterprise solutions for a company's human resources and financial management activities.
PanIzon provides text link ad solutions and tools for advertisers to improve traffic, increase sales, and gain more exposure.
Taylor Nelson Sofres offers market research, global market information and business analytics solutions and services.
2ergo provides mobile marketing, CRM, entertainment and messaging services.
Skyhook Wireless is a worldwide leader in location, powering location and context for apps, adtech and devices.
Prayaya is a virtualization USB drive service, particularly for Windows.
CompanyLoop is a professional networking service that connects co-workers with each other.
Discovery Engine is an online search engine providing local search apps and queries.
DailyStrength is a website enabling users to track their progress towards health goals, create support groups, and read others’ reviews.
Revolution Health was a health-related portal and social network that allows question-and-answer sessions on health and medical topics.
Cognitive Labs offers games that enable people to track and monitor their own cognitive performance for certain disorders.
PopularMedia provides social media marketing services to help advertisers and publishers multiply the impact of their online ad campaigns.
Acendi Interactive provides software-as-service solutions for online security, authentication and legal documentation.
Sazze is an incubator with a strategic focus on technology companies that touch on e-commerce and advertising.
Epinions is a consumer reviews platform offering consumer insights, unbiased advice, product evaluations, and personalized recommendations.
EXPO is a consumer-oriented video platform that features video product reviews submitted by community members.
Clarizen provides enterprise-class work collaboration and project management solutions.
Next New Networks is a producer of online video networks and a media company allowing viewers to contribute, share and distribute content.
Specific Media is a next generation media platform company that enables brands to seamlessly connect with consumers from anywhere.
RiverWired is a content and social networking community for the eco-friendly audience.
At a basic level Norg (short for news organization) is social media that encourages citizen journalism.
Photrade offers an ad supported photo syndication service that brings photo monetization to a broad audience.
Change.org, the world's largest social change platform with over 120 million users in 196 countries.
Various is an internet-based social networking and multimedia entertainment company operating adult and non-adult sites.
FriendFinder Networks, a social networking company, provides adult entertainment content across TV, magazines and videos.
Zhanzuo is a community that enables Chinese college students to communicate with their real names and pictures.
LiveDeal is an online marketplace and deals engine that connects users with local restaurants that are offering deals in real time.
Invoke Solutions offers real-time online research services that provide efficient, usable insights for their clients.
JungleDisk provides online data storage and backup software that enables users to share, backup and store their data files.
Sprout provides a platform integrated with mobile ad networks and publishers, enabling professionals to create media HTML5 ads.
Skydeck is a social community platform for individuals who are interested in photography.
MyRatePlan.com is a mobile phone, phone service, and credit card comparison website. The site serves primarily as an online mobile phone,
Rondee is a free conference calling system that aims to help small businesses succeed online.
Workcircle is a vertical job search engine. Their search engine looks for jobs on major job sites and agencies. Its index is generated
NeoEdge Networks is a tech and in-game ad company that enables casual game publishers and developers to deliver TV-like commercials.
Powered by Drupal, Social Actions aggregates info from the following social lending sites: BringLight, Change.org, ChangingthePresent,
Snaptalent is a distributed job advertisement network for developer listings.
ExpenseWire provides an expense management solution for organizations to simplify submissions, control spending and expedite reimbursements.
Zuora provides subscription billing as well as recurring revenue, payments, and billing solutions.
Jelsoft is a media company developing high-performance web applications.
Invision Power Services provides a wide range of web services, as well as its flagship product Invision Power Board.
Sony Mobile Communications offers a portfolio of smartphones, tablets, smart ware, and accessories.
Modu offers The Modu, a tiny modular cellular device that can be customized by connecting it with unique cell phone enclosures.
HTC Corp is engaged in the design, development, and manufacture of smartphones and tablets in Taiwan.
LG Electronics develops and sells consumer electronics under the LG name worldwide.
Kidaro provides desktop virtualization solutions for enterprises.
Sched powers thousands of events with scheduling software, mobile applications, and personal agenda builders.
Chime.TV brings together millions of videos from across the web to create a TV-like experience within your browser.
Daikana is a business social network that connects people and businesses.
CrewedUp.com is a professional network designed specifically for the film and television industry.
We make social data actionable using Big Data to deliver insight analytics, branding, advertising and data solutions across all devices.
Original web initiatives development: OneHourTranslation.com: Cost-effective, fast translation online service.
Modern SaaS platform for growing organizations to easily find, engage and hire top talent with agile recruiting practices.
Add-in Express offers development tools on NET, VSTO and VCL platforms to programmers enabling Microsoft Office integration.
Weplug is a stealth social networking 'connector' that will feature Twitter-like functionality and location information.
Cheapflights is a search and comparison site offering information on flight deals, travel agents and flight deal providers.
Aria helps enterprises grow their recurring revenue businesses with an agile billing system that maximizes customer satisfaction, retention.
Peer 1 Hosting provides internet hosting services including managed hosting, dedicated servers, colocation, and cloud computing.
500 Hats is a startup consulting and investing company.
MTV Networks is a creator of entertainment content that connects diverse audiences across TV, online, mobile, games, and consumer products.
Sedo is a website marketplace that supplies online performance-based marketing solutions.
GoDaddy is an internet domain registrar and web hosting company facilitating online businesses.
Domain Apps develops customized solutions to manage the monetization of domains.
Vendaria provides digital merchandising tools and services for manufacturers and retailers.
Elastra provides cloud configuration services that allow companies to build public and private clouds.
Krillion offers aggregated and structured local product shopping data using their localization engine and real-time stock check technology.
Voltage Security delivers data-centric security software solutions to protect data in the cloud, data centers, and mobile devices.
Star Analytics provides process automation and application integration solutions for BI software across hybrid computing environments.
Cenzic provides application security testing for enterprise software and tools to find application vulnerabilities.
Replay Solutions creates software to help software developers get their products done on time, with as few bugs as possible.
ontheFRONTIER offers leading-edge advice, applications and partnership directories to businesses.
Infopia provides e-commerce software and services that enable merchants to grow their online businesses.
kwiry is a text-based reminder service that turns text messages into reminders which users can retrieve online.
SupplyFrame is an technology company that exists to make life better for electronics professionals.
InMage is a software developer delivering disk-based and scalable business app recovery solutions for disaster recovery requirements.
SignalDemand provides on-demand software and services that offer predictive analytics and optimization for manufacturers.
Scalent Systems provides infrastructure virtualization software that enables data centers to handle the changing businesses environment.
CITTIO is a provider of innovative, automated network and systems monitoring software for companies with complex networks.
Authenticlick is a web analytics company providing web traffic quality intelligence solutions for online advertising optimization.
Cogent Communications Group is a facility-based provider of internet access and internet protocol communications services.
Finding CHEAP Gas Together. We believe people have control over how much they pay at the pump. Join the GasBuddy community today!
Webpass provides 100 or 200 Mbps synchronous internet connections for residential customers and scalable connections for business customers.
Ping.fm was a free social networking and micro-blogging web service that enabled users to post to multiple social networks simultaneously.
Gnip provides social media data for customers in sectors such as social media monitoring, business intelligence, government and finance.
MyBlogLog was a distributed social network, acquired by Yahoo in 2007.
Wrike is the leading project management tool and cloud software for high-performance team collaboration.
PlayFish creates social games that users can play with others over social platforms such as Facebook and MySpace.
CitySquares provides video marketing and advertising solutions for local businesses to develop their online exposure.
Rapt offers media monetization solutions, technology, and strategic advisory services for media companies.
Whatever your online or digital marketing requirements are, One Result can help build, develop and implement effective solutions.
aQuantive is an advertising network providing digital marketing and technology solutions.
ADTECH, now a part of ONE by AOL, offers an integrated ad serving platform, enabling advertisers to measure, manage and serve campaigns.
Lightningcast is an online video ad management company. They are specialized in the placement of video and audio advertising.
Omnisio is an online platform that enables users to annotate and share videos from any website.
Ninite is a service that enables users to automatically install applications for their operating systems.
Deluux aims to relocate the center of people’s online identities to their personal websites instead of a single social network.
Wundrbar wants to improve upon the search bar experience by providing users with powerful inline commands.
Kirkland North is an Oakland-based online gaming startup.
Joberator is a search, recruitment and talent acquisition platform connecting skilled professionals with in-demand employers.
280 North is a web software development platform enabling users to build applications through its proprietary tech toolkit, Cappuccino.
Qlubb enables all types of groups, clubs and organizations to easily share, inform and get stuff done.
Playnypus is a social site for event planning.
Coordinatr is a free site for small event creation and group organization.
Octopart is a vertical search engine enabling users to discover, compare prices and view the specifications of electronic components.
tsumobi is developing a j2me compatible programming language to download mobile apps via the URL for tsumobi-enabled websites.
Writewith is a collaborative writing web app that supports users in writing, editing and publishing documents with a group.
Socialmoth is an online community allowing individuals to post and share their thoughts and ideas anonymously.
Snipshot is an online photo editor enabling users to edit and enhance pictures.
Interneer provides an instant application platform that allows users to configure web-based applications with integrated workflows.
SAP is a technology company that develops enterprise application software for companies and industries across diverse sectors.
IBM is an IT technology and consulting firm providing computer hardware, software, and infrastructure and hosting services.
IOS Health Systems develops practice management and paperless office solutions, and web-based electronic medical records.
VipaHealth Solutions is the developer of a web-based electronic medical records (EMR) and medical billing software.
Entriq operates as Irdeto, providing media protection and multi-screen solutions to brands and agencies.
Scheduly is an online application that helps small and medium businesses (SMBs) manage their appointments.
A social community for dog lovers. Members create pages for their dogs and customize it with videos, photo, graphics. They write blogs and
Buyat is an affiliate marketing network.
ManagedQ is a new search application that runs on top of existing search engines. It uses NLP algorithms for supposedly better results.
Medindia.net is India's #1 health site & a top 10 site globally. 4M+ Visitors/8M PVs/mo;750K+ pages of health info, 150+ Health Apps & more
Darrb is a platform that connects people who want to send items with people willing to deliver these items and earn an income as a return.
eLabor Inc. has been acquired by ADP, Inc.
Business process outsourcing.
Tapioca Mobile helps content providers move their digital assets from servers onto mobile phones.
Sanrio Digital focuses on the expansion of Sanrio intellectual property assets through online, web, mobile and other digital mediums.
Dotsub is a browser-based tool that gives anyone the ability to caption and translate video content into multiple languages.
CoolTronics is a comprehensive computer sales and service solution. From troubleshooting to upgrades and maintenance, they help businesses
SanDisk is a multinational corporation that designs, develops and manufactures flash memory storage solutions and software.
Buongiorno is a mobile commerce ecosystem developing apps and services focused on B2C sector.
ABK-Soft: a Leader in Dating Software ABK-Soft is a leading international dating software and social networking software provider.
A2 is a unique domain industry company focusing on building vertical search properties through social media.
StartFound is a condensed list of online startups and websites ordered by most recent news activity.
Ubuket allows users to access and share all the multimedia they like via a single online interface.
Stateless Systems is an Australia-based startup building web properties.
Monitor110 is a New York-based company providing data and information gathering services.
WebVisible is a SaaS-based company that operates in the local online advertising industry.
MeraMD.com is an online health portal, based out of New Delhi, India. It was founded in May 2007 to provide online health services to
The only web magazine and job board just for UK media's commercial crowd - from classified sales execs to publishing directors.
Akampus is a Turkey-based youth marketing agency for college students and graduates.
CreateDebate is an online debate forum that allows students and experts to debate on a variety of topics and practice persuasive writing.
Toufee provides a web-based software for creating/editing flash movies online. It is an online software which runs inside the browser. It
Slicethepie is a web-based artist financing engine that raises money for artists to record music albums.
Vivisimo offers enterprises search solutions that enable collaboration, application control, security management, and quick deployment.
Maestro is a cloud music platform enabling users to access and manage their entire music library on demand from any connected device.
ShowClix is a full service ticketing company for event professionals.
Handipoints is a website with a chore chart component and a virtual world containing a range of online games and activities for children.
Path 101 is a stealth startup building an online destination for discovering careers.
Real Networking. Real Easy.
Personforce is a job site that helps publishers run job boards, business directories and classifieds.
BMC Software is a business service management platform offering cloud and IT management solutions for businesses.
Taaz is a virtual makeover website allowing users to 'try on' different looks by uploading their photographs.
BladeLogic provides data center automation solutions for IT infrastructure in business organizations.
SIMchronise does mobile data synchronization and mobile security. It provides: 1. Wireless mobile data synchronisation solutions that can
Fios provides electronic discovery management services for corporations, law firms, and litigation support companies.
Symantec provides security, storage and systems management solutions that help consumers secure and manage their information.
GFI Software provides cloud-based content and email security solutions for small and medium sized businesses.
Seero.com is a geo-broadcasting platform for users to broadcast and experience destinations around the world.
TextWise offers an automated, semantic similarity search technology, enabling the web to offer a meaning-based foundation.
ScanCafe offers photo scanning, slide scanning, negative scanning, video transfer and photo restoration services.
acomo is a German social network service.
FastAlley is a social network for the sports broadcasting community. Users can create profiles, and easily upload and share video clips,
Dadaphile is a company that operates through their main product, Dripbook.
liveBooks provides photography, graphic design and interior design products and services for businesses’ marketing solutions.
Eatup Drinkup creates web products & services for food and beverage professionals. Its ventures include Discover Chefs and Food and Drink
LendKey develops a cloud-based platform, enabling lenders to quickly, securely, and profitably lend to anyone else.
TeamRankings is a source for statistically driven ratings, analysis, and predictions for professional and college sports.
OneSwirl is a lifestream aggregator, that gives users the ability to put all their Internet activities in one place.
Clipta is a video index and destination for internet users to discover, share and interact with videos from any source.
KidZui provides internet browsers for children to navigate in pre-approved areas on the web.
AdEngage is an online advertising network allowing advertisers to buy ads and publishers to sell advertising space on their sites.
BlogCatalog is a blogger-only social network and blog directory.
WorkHound is specialized in vertical search solutions that deliver search results and build open platforms to develop custom solutions.
Snaptu allows users to facilitate the deployment of online services via a full-featured mobile application platform.
Zebtab is an aggregated desktop widget that delivers the latest content in a rich media format to consumers.
Less Everything is a web application company providing web, graphic, UI design and project management services.
Mojizu is an online contemporary character design community that allows creatives share their character design work with peers.
VERIDOO.com is a newly launched online social networking environment that targets 20 to 45 year-olds in the general market as well as the
Haikoo is the first web-based collaborative haiku party. Each three-line haiku is written by three different people; one person per line.
Viddyou offers a custom-built video service that allows individuals to archive and express their life in short videos.
Kampyle is a complete customer feedback platform that helps digital enterprises listen, understand, and act across all digital touchpoints.
PartyPOP.com is a wedding, party, and corporate events portal.
Advanced do it yourself (DIY) event planning website. Specializing in weddings, corporate events, kid events, milestones, and holidays.
Wedding Channel is a wedding portal, including planning, checklists, dresses, photos, etc.
WeddingJack is a web service that helps male users think up of wedding ideas.
Jaduka provides an API to allow developers to easily access telephone networks. Jaduka facilitates interaction with telephone calls and
Music Arsenal is an online tool designed for the indie music industry. This site helps you keep track of all the valuable information
Xiha allows users to make new friends from around the globe by creating blogs and homepages, and adding links to social media sites.
Glaxstar is a software company focused on building professional Firefox add-ons.
SonicSwap converts playlists into video playlists of original and live music tracks, allowing anyone to legally play their music anywhere.
Act-On Software’s cloud-based integrated marketing platform is the foundation for marketing success in organizations of all sizes.
Cozimo is an online collaboration tool enabling creative media professionals to collectively edit graphical images and videos in real time.
Adconian Media Group provides customized solutions and innovative products delivered across multiple screens on a single platform. 
Cvent is an event management platform enabling planners to manage all aspects of an event.
MyMiniLife allows individuals to create virtual homes on the web, and lets them import photos of real-life objects into these homes.
Shvoong is a global web 2.0 knowledge sharing platform that provides readers Short and Instant Knowledge, via Summaries and Short Reviews
Axigen focuses on the development & distribution of innovative messaging solutions.
BroadSoft develops software that enables mobile and fixed-line service providers to deliver real-time communications via their IP networks.
Alcatel-Lucent provides IP and cloud networking and ultra-broadband fixed and wireless access solutions for service providers.
This is an experimental project dedicated to archiving and re-publishing public domain works.
Dimdim offers a browser-based web conferencing service based on an open source platform.
GoToMeeting is a web conferencing service offering a range of services which are available on Mac, PC, iOS and Android devices.
Liftopia operates an online and mobile marketplace and provides a technology platform for the ski and mountain activity industry.
Fuelmyblog is an exclusive blog community. With a zero porn and spam policy, each new blog is reviewed manually before going live.
NetCreations, Inc., the leader in 100% Opt-In® email marketing services, specializes in e-mail address list management.
Causecast is the leading cause engagement platform, providing companies of all sizes with a solution that empowers employees to give back.
PopJax offers online video games that are combined with video clips and trivia questions.
AnchorFree provides Hotspot Shield, an app that secures internet communication and user identity while providing access to internet content.
Uloop is an online platform for college students to interact with each other, share information and trade.
Zend provides software and services for developing, deploying and managing business-critical PHP apps on-premise and in the cloud.
DeskSite is a media company developing a network of app-based video entertainment portals.
Register.com provides the essential tools that businesses need to build and manage their online presence.
BackWeb mobilizes critical web applications and content for mobile workforces and remote offices.
Location Labs makes mobile security apps to protect people.
iliketotallyloveit.com is a social shopping site that allows users to build community by publishing and ranking products they consider
Infibeam is an online destination and community that focuses on selling new and used automobiles, mobile devices, books and cameras.
ContentNext is an independent media and information company providing digital media services.
OrangeSoda provides campaign management technology solutions that track, report and optimize marketing processes of SMBs.
PhunuNet.com is a social network for Vietnamese women to organize their life.
LookSmart is an advertising network solutions company providing performance solutions for online search advertisers and publishers.
Aternity is an enterprise software company offering end user monitoring and frontline performance intelligence tools.
Networked Insights provides analytics that enable companies to make data-driven marketing decisions and improve media efficiency.
The Orchard is a music distribution, marketing and sales company for artists and labels to distribute content to digital and mobile outlets.
CD Baby is an online record store and independent music distributor enabling musicians to sell CDs, Vinyl and MP3s.
Reprise Media develops search engines and social media marketing campaigns that enable brands to drive traffic to their websites.
ChipIn is an online fundraising service that includes a widget and application developer for businesses.
Provides career resources for IT professionals including job, certificate, and degree searches.
Dice.com is a job searching platform for technology professionals.
Scouta provides you with personal recommendations for video and podcasts that suit your interests and tastes.
SuburbView is an Australian Real Estate Search Engine, where found results are displayed in Google Earth and also on the Google Maps.
CJReport is a wiki-like citizen journalism website. CJReport aims to deliver news content that is open, one step ahead of the existing
Webreakstuff is a web-design company that focuses on building products for clients in the consumer internet space.
Our mission is to connect professionals to the content they need to get ahead and become better at what they do.
Backdoor Slider Media, Inc is an online publishing company dedicated to producing quality blogs and related websites.
Contribio's mission is to make media distribution over the Internet fast and inexpensive for everyone.
YiGG is a social news community focusing on German speaking users.
iCrossing is a digital marketing company providing planning and development services for brands and agencies.
SEO consultant also provides first class content creation service. No Black Hat. SEO is an online marketing strategy to get your site to
RawSignal is a community of blogs created by its readers. Anyone can contribute, and the best submissions are promoted to the main page,
Arbinet provides international voice and IP solutions to carriers and service providers globally.
Dandelife is a social biography network that allows users to share stories about their life in date-based posts.
Mytopia develops cross-platform games that allow users on social networks to play with others via Android devices or iPads.
Infovark is a startup focused on improving personal information management in the workplace.
Fuser.com is a free tool that allows you to check all your e-mail and social networking accounts from one Web-based inbox.
J. Crew is opened a flagship store at New York's South Street Seaport...
J. Crew is opened a flagship store at New York's South Street Seaport...
thesixtyone is a game-inspired music site that develops and sells music.
Hinchcliffe & Company is a premium consulting firm to helps clients implement Web 2.0 and Enterprise 2.0 initiatives including online
Magento provides e-commerce software and platform solutions worldwide.
NetBooks provides online tools that help businesses with their marketing, sales, operations and financial activities.
Workstreamer is a business listening platform that delivers relevant, real-time information to business professionals.
Heights Media LLC is the leading digital media market maker.
GotVoice develops digital voice applications for consumers and businesses to unify their voice communications via email and mobile phones.
SlideShare is an online community that allows users to upload and share PowerPoint presentations, documents, and infographics.
Notches is an open, free, universal platform for reviews. The service is designed foremost to be integrated by developers in their
Terra Matrix Media offers performance-based marketing solutions to advertisers such as lead generation and customer acquisition.
SimplyFinance is a personal finance site.
GoCrossCampus is a social game with players fighting virtually over real-world territories in an attempt for regional domination.
DeliciousSafari is a plug-in for the Safari web browser to provide access to del.icio.us bookmarks directly from the browser.
DivShare hosts videos, photos, and other files for free.
Web-Chops allows users to collect organize and share content found on the web. Users can collect videos, research products, and share
Now SmartLegalForms.
Responsys is a cloud software and services company helping brands to manage their digital relationships across email, mobile and the web.
VerticalResponse provides web-based, self-service marketing solutions for small businesses to create, share and analyze their campaigns.
Constant Contact provides email, social media and event marketing tools to help small businesses grow their customer base.
Bookgoo allows you to upload, annotate, and collaborate with your documents. The site allows you highlight and annotate your documents in
ThinkFreeDocs is a document sharing and hosting service.
Pikum is an online betting game that enables players to compete for fun or money.
GadgetTrak offers privacy-safe theft recovery, tracking and data protection software solutions for mobile devices.
Homestead Technologies offers tools that help small businesses create web presences and market their products and services.
HungryFlix provides audio and video downloads for iPod, iPhone, PSP, Apple TV, Mac and PC. The site is a distributor of premium independent
Carsonified is a UK-based company that hosts events for the web industry.
Zonar provides electronic inspection, tracking, and management solution for fleet operations allowing streamlining of day to day tasks.
Imikimi is an online creative community enabling individuals to edit and personalize their images with collaborative digital creativity.
WatchMojo.com is a premium, professionally-produced factual infotainment video content producer, publisher and syndicator.
Silentale is a data science company and provider of Silentale Cloud, a customer data management platform.
The OpenID Foundation is a non-profit organization that manages the efforts to increase adoption of the OpenID standard across the web.
Green River is a Vermont-based company specializing in web application development and data visualization.
CLEARme is a membership-based secure identification program that fast tracks members through airport security lines.
MODERO specializes in Business Process Outsourcing. The company offers its customers a single solution for a contact center with state of
Babbel is the market-leading app for language learning.
Parature develops cloud-based customer service software that enables companies to provide on-demand customer service and online support.
ibeatyou is a video portal that allows its users to create competitions.
Etelos develops on-demand browser-based applications.
7digital is a leading digital music platform that creates and powers comprehensive white label music and radio services.
Domegos allows vacation rental owners to advertise their properties free of charge to renters all around the world.
Loladex enables users to rate and recommend local businesses such as restaurants, shops, and plumbers.
Fashhh is social network that allows users to know if they are fashionable or not. Users can join and submit pictures of their finest
Itbreaks is a community music site, where artists can upload music that gets voted on by listeners.
Intent is an online community that allows members to share their dreams and aspirations to receive support from others.
Swaggle is a simple, free, group text messaging (SMS) service for cellphones. Send one text message to Swaggle, and they'll send it to
MienSmith is a free photo editing service. MenSmith fix people's profile pictures in social networks for free and they post the fixed image
FIQL is a social network centered on music playlists. It allows users to upload, categorize and share playlists with others. FIQL then uses
sobees is a software company for online social networks aggregating information from the 'likes' of social networks. 
CO Roomlinx develops iTV applications for the hospitality industry in the United States, Canada and other global markets.
Webcollage is a SaaS solution enabling brands to manage rich product information and publish it in real time to retailer websites.
SET Consulting is a firm aiming to assist businesses with operating more productively and improving the quality of their work product.
Kannuu offers search and discovery solutions to quickly find content in a smart television environment.
SeatNation is in the business of getting users any ticket for any event they want to attend.
Ma.Gnolia is an online social bookmarking community that offers open source bookmarking, public bookmark viewing, and more for its users.
Zigtag is an intelligent social bookmarking and tagging tool for web site users.
Higher One provides financial services and data analytics for higher education institutions and their students.
VacationRealty.com is a worldwide vacation rental community connecting short term rental owners and travelers looking for a place to stay.
TOKiBiz, Inc. provides creative internet strategies for companies doing business in the new media. TOKiBiz helps create ideas into
MetricNews is a self-service email marketing tool. MetricNews allows companies to get electronic communications such as newsletters,
The Wikimedia Foundation encourages the development and distribution of free educational content with projects such as Wikipedia.
Clearwell Systems offers an e-discovery platform and app that enables companies to manage their legal, regulatory and investigative matters.
ThinkFree is a mobile office suite targeted at users of Microsoft's traditional Office programs.
Trendrr is a category-defining platform exploiting the value of real-time social data to provide media and advertising solutions.
Twistage is a full-stack hosted video platform that provides a white label service for businesses that need to leverage online video.
Digital Railroad is an online retailer selling professional stock photography.
Cemaphore Systems provides unprecedented email continuity, disaster recovery and content management solutions for Microsoft Exchange.
Live Current Media is an internet commerce and media company developing domain names into consumer-facing destinations.
h i v e 01 runs a large community network for OpenSource desktops. For example openDesktop.org, KDE-Look.org, KDE-Apps.org, GNOME-Look.org
Like.com is a visual search engine that allows users to find similar products on the web and compare their prices.
Become is a large syndication network for Product Ads. Become helps online merchants increase sales and publishers monetize their traffic.
Acierto.com is a price comparison website that helps users compare insurance packages in Spain.
We build next-generation IPAM, DNS & DHCP solutions that connect mobile devices, applications & clouds.
Infoblox develops network identity solutions enabling businesses to automate network control functions to reduce costs and boost security.
points.com was added to CrunchBase in 2008
RosterBot is the smartest, most flexible Team Management Service in the world. Our mission is to help you live better thru team sport.
Millions of users around the world use TeamSnap to coordinate sports and other ongoing activities.
WePlay is an online community for youth athletes, their parents and coaches, that allows them share relevant information and stay connected.
YourTeam Online offers a global sports communication network that connects teams, players, coaches, and fans.
Business Insider is a dynamic company reaching the new generation of business leaders.
MindBites is an end-to-end video publishing and commerce platform for video content creators.
The Echo Nest is a music intelligence platform company that provides music services to developers and media companies.
Akvo is a non-profit organization operating a fund matchmaking and monitoring web platform for water and sanitation projects.
Based in San Francisco, Calif., vFlyer is an award-winning online marketing company that is dedicated to providing cost-effective and
Postlets is a web service enabling users to post rental and for sale advertisements to many different marketplaces.
Bubbly is a smartphone app that allows its users to create their own voice blog in real-time and share their audio updates with other users.
BeInSync is a software platform enabling users to backup, synchronize, share and access their files, documents and other data online.
Phoenix Technologies offers machine-independent BIOS software for the digital devices industry.
Zemanta is a content suggestion plugin for content creators that suggests links, images, keywords and tags that are content relevant.
Sport Ngin, and the NGIN platform, delivers world-class sports websites, online registration, tournament & league management software.
Perfect Market provides digital-publishing software solutions for increasing traffic, engagement and revenue on websites.
Hundreds of customers across 17 time zones use iovation to protect themselves, and instantly gain valuable insight about their customers.
Glassdoor is a jobs and career marketplace that is changing how people search for jobs and how companies recruit top talent.
Barnes & Noble, a multi-channel distribution platform providing access to trade books, textbooks, magazines, newspapers, and other content.
BibMe is an automatic bibliography maker enabling users to state citation information of their research works.
Blogio is a pipeline between marketers and bloggers. The idea behind Blogio is to let marketers chose their niche and write relevant
Digital Sports Media has developed a white label social networking platform designed for sports sites.
Mindpark is a creative business center and event space in the Øresund region. It is home to numerous small and big companies and startups,
Bango is a mobile payments solution for app stores, operators and publishers, providing technology that enables commerce on the mobile web.
Faraday Media is all about attention; they create products that help users experience a personally relevant Internet.
Muxtape is a music service that lets its users create and share their online mixtape like MP3 playlists.
Voxtel, Inc. is a leading developer, manufacturer and supplier of innovative photonic and advanced 3D imaging technologies
Offres d'emploi toutes fonctions, tous secteurs, tous profils sur Toulouse et son agglomération.
Ki work is a web-based social network utility that supports the incubation, marketing, and management of collaborative enterprises.
Alloopass is a micropayment system allowing phone, SMS and credit card billing.
Pressflip offers an internet search service that regularly delivers articles on topics preferred by users.
Skycore is a mobile VASP offering mobile multimedia delivery technologies and apps to mobile operators, enterprises, brands and more.
Dimestore Media developed a platform that delivers insights about brand perception, message recall, and purchase intent.
Game Trust offers infrastructure for community and commerce apps in the online games and entertainment industry.
Datacraft Solutions provides lean process automation solutions to manufacturers through an internet gateway.
Fresho.com is a free online classifieds directory that was launched in January 2008 [1]. Free job ad and resume posting are currently
Mindbox provides Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solutions for the mortgage lending process.
Red Bend offers firmware updating, device management, analytics and mobile virtualization solutions for mobile phone manufacturers.
Fotoalbum.eu is an online photo album with focus on Europe, and it has a vast coverage of European countries and languages online.
Realtime Worlds is a software technology company developing action and community games for the entertainment sector.
Get the Point specializes in green innovation. They also develop green incentive schemes for consumers and for businesses.
Berkeley Design Automation provides nanometer circuit verification for analog, mixed-signal, RF, and custom digital verification.
Quorumbet is a betting platform that gives you the freedom of peer-to-peer betting on any topic.
itzbig is an interactive job website that connects employers and candidates in real-time.
CubeDesktop is a new (March 2008) 3D virtual desktop environment for Windows that will change the way you work.
FeedBackFX is a tool for collecting feedback on various forms of web content. Invitations are collected via FeedBackFX's web services API,
Marketo develops marketing automation software that provides inbound marketing, social marketing, CRM, and other related services.
The Villa-Holiday.co.uk connects holiday rental owners and property managers with travelers and holidaymakers who seek the space, value and
SupporSpace, an online tech support provider, connects businesses with a network of software and technology consultants.
More students than ever before are seeking admission in institutions of higher learning abroad.
Bonobos is an e-commerce driven clothing brand focused on delivering great fit and excellent customer service.
In short, NoseRub is a protocol. NoseRub allows users to synchronize accounts across the Web with applications that use the NoseRub
Vello is a company who adds a new spin to conference calls. Through Vello's web based system users put in all the participants numbers and
Yoics provides cloud-based, secure networking services for consumers, device makers and software publishers.
3Tera develops cloud computing technology and utility computing services that simplify the deployment and scaling of web applications.
Tagcow is a photo tagging service that tags users' photos with descriptive keywords.
Edmodo is a social learning network enabling teachers and students to connect, collaborate and share content to improve learning outcomes.
eYeka is an online co-creation platform providing marketing and innovation accelerating solutions for brands.
Attentio offers Attentio Brand Dashboard, a platform that enables real-time monitoring and measurement of social media and online news.
Cork Internet eXchange (CIX) is Cork, Ireland's first professional quality, debt-free data center.
Forrester is a research and advisory firm that provides businesses with business and technology-related consulting services.
Noovo is a social entertainment startup providing a solution that enables its users to aggregate, share and discover content on the web.
Eyeline Communications Inc. provides services to mobile operators worldwide. We have installed USSD and SMS centers and VAS platforms in
Minggl is a social interaction manager that makes it easy to manage information, communication, and navigation across social networks.
Netlog, a Belgian social networking website, lets members create their web page, extend their social network, share videos, and post blogs.
vpod.tv is an online Video Publishing On Demand service, enabling corporations to create their personal online and mobile TV channels.
Woopra is a real-time customer analytics service providing solutions for sales, service, marketing and product teams.
PHPCow develops content management and personalized start page software.
AudioMicro provides the web's best collection of royalty-free music and sound effects at affordable prices.
Stickychicken is the largest online marketplace where you can generate sales from your authentic product reviews.
Panoramio is a geolocation-oriented photo sharing website that provides imagery for Google Earth.
Publish2 allows users to share and distribute news for print and web media.
Cellufun is a mobile social gaming community in which users can socialize, play games and buy virtual goods.
Xoopit is an email organizational tool that enables users to retrieve meaningful content from their archived email.
eRepublik is a social strategy game that allows users to interact with each other and act as politicians, entrepreneurs and soldiers.
ZEDO provides online advertising products and services to internet publishers, advertisers and agencies.
Zankapfel is a competitive voting platform where you can settle everyday conflicts with friends or complete strangers.
Reality Digital is a white-label social networking platform that enables media sites to create their own user-generated stickiness.
Satori Consulting Inc. provides customized and comprehensive, professional services focused in user-centered research, testing and design
Our tech helps brands connect w/customers wherever they may be. Personalized ads on display, mobile & video. Smarter Programmatic Creative.
Q-Layer provides data center and storage virtualization software for simplifying the management and deployment of data center apps.
AlphaTrust is a software publisher creating business documents that are the legal and functional equivalent to ink-signed paper documents.
Silanis provides SaaS and on-premise e-signature solutions to help businesses of all sizes prepare & sign documents quickly and securely.
IdeaTap is the provider of the JogPlay music service.
company located in Stockholm that specializes in GPS software. Franson Technology was founded in 2005 by current CEO Johan Franson.
PhotoTeez.com is the new digital photo enhancing website that works directly with your favorite community site like Myspace and Facebook.
Adlucent is a platform for internet retailers to create, launch and manage high-volume and product-based online campaigns.
CapAlly is an online peer-to-peer student loan marketplace that links students to financial support and professional guidance.
Chai Labs offers a semantic search platform that analyzes and extracts insights from real-time data points across the web.
AltaVista is an internet search engine that uses yahoo search technology.
Mobile Security Software develops security shields for portable predators of the mobile platforms.
Omgili is a vertical search engine that focuses on user-generated content platforms.
now-in.org is a vertical search engine for events. The founders of now-in.org, Bernward Malaka and Christoph Mause, are seasoned
School of Everything is an online education community that connects individuals with learning needs with local people providing them.
Designing Interactive is a tiny, but mighty team. We use the creative process, imagination, and ninja fighting tactics to craft engaging
Placecast is a location-based digital advertising company that provides ShopAlerts, an opt-in marketing service via mobile devices.
Xteque s.r.l. is an Italian venture founded in 2006 to produce the Powua Project.
StartupWear designs and sells funny shirts for entrepreneurs and start up workers that reflect startup humor.
Naubo is a technology news aggregator that enables users to search for online technology news.
Sniff is a mobile service that gives users an electronic map showing the location of their friends.
Familybuilder is a software app development company focused on building genealogy and family-oriented apps within online social networks.
Kudzu.com is a directory enabling homeowners to plan projects and solve home-related problems through expert videos and contractor reviews.
TheNextBigWriter is a private creative community where writers post their work to receive feedback from other writers and readers.
eHealthMe enables ordinary people to use healthcare big data from FDA and social media. We try to answer these 2 questions: what patients
EMI is a multinational music recording and publishing, and electronics device and systems manufacturing company.
Wists is a shopping wishlist service where users can create visual list of things they want or recommend from any online store or website.
Palm is a mobile products company enabling people to better manage their lives on the go.
Sprint Nextel offers wireless and wireline communications services for consumers, businesses and government users.
Kodak is a technology company that offers technology solutions to functional and digital markets.
Sprint Nextel offers wireless and wireline communications services for consumers, businesses and government users.
Stylehive is a social bookmarking site helping its users follow and share styles they like by creating tagged collections.
RiDE Group, LLC is a global web/computer services company, located in Newark DE. Our sites include: www.GetNoticedFirst.com
BooRah is a personalized review guide enabling consumers to find restaurants by using natural language processing technology.
CarDomain Networks is a database tracking the behavior and purchasing patterns of automotive enthusiasts.
TagLauncher is a software company which tries to bring a new experience to a user's desktop by combining Web 2.0 features with desktop
Kublax, an online personal financial management platform, enables users to view bank accounts from one place and create budgets.
Glasses Direct is an online prescription eyewear store.
Notanant hosts and runs instant-edit websites with built in social networking and e-commerce.
Company behind Gyazo, an app for seriously easy sharing of screen caps and GIFs.
Sipcall.com Inc. is a developer of innovative Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) based services. Their flagship product is Hipsip.
Topspin Media provides marketing software and services for artists and creative professionals.
PegaSystems provides business process and customer relationship management solutions for organizations.
Weardrobe is a virtual street fashion closet enabling users to catalog their own clothing and browse through the “lookbooks”.
Avisena is a SaaS-based firm providing revenue cycle management solutions and practice management services to the healthcare industry.
dotSyntax offers Digsby, a web app that centralizes users' e-mail, IM and social networking accounts into one desktop application.
Netcipia offers unlimited wikis and blogs within a single interface on a subscription basis.
Health and Wellness.com was added to CrunchBase in 2008
LIVESTRONG.com is a health and wellness site providing expert insight on the diet, nutrition, fitness and lifestyle areas.
WebMD provides timely and credible health information and services to consumers and healthcare professionals.
Macromedia is a graphics and web development software company producing tools such as Macromedia Flash and Dreamweaver.
51.com is a platform focused on providing social network application services.
GlobalEnglish offers cloud-based business English solutions for improving the communication and collaboration skills of companies.
Undertone develops high impact, cross-screen digital advertising experiences for brands.
Harmonix Music Systems is a videogame development company that offers Beatles and Rock Band music games in North America and more.
One Day, One Job is a blog about entry-level jobs. Every day they focus on one employer and its entry-level job offerings for recent
Pandora TV is a video sharing website that hosts user-generated content.
Diversity Limited was founded by Ben Kepes. It is a multifaceted business incorporating investment, entrepreneurship and analysis. It
Delphion intellectual property network's patent search database helps businesses leverage patent intelligence.
MaybeMike is an entirely new approach to online dating and match making. Welcome to Dating 2.0: match making made simple, and free.
Delight.com features daily online shopping specials, home decor, fashion accessories, and unique gifts for men and women.
ReadItSwapIt is a web based book swapping community. Users log in, make wish lists of books they desire to read or swap, and compare with
51give.org is an online donation platform providing tools and processing services for charities around China and rest of the world.
Jodange provides business tools for predicting outcomes and planning strategy by publishing the opinions of holders' sentiments over time.
Frengo is an online community for users to share a buzz — a stream of opinions, updates, questions, predictions and games.
HRSnap! is a privately held company, based in Nevada with offices throughout the country. The firm specializes in HR software built to
Glance improves the way businesses interact with their customers with next generation cobrowse, screen share and agent video technology.
EasyLink offers web services including website designing and hosting, web application development and ongoing maintenance.
Babuki is an application that allows users to chat with their Facebook, MSN, AIM, Yahoo and Gtalk friends from the web or the desktop.
Intridea, a web products and services company, develops application software, user interface design and custom mobile application solutions.
Myplaylist is a music playlist compiler that allows users to listen to radio, customize stations, and find favorite artists online.
Skewz combines the functionality of social news and bookmarking sites like Digg and del.icio.us, but places a political spin on the stories
GameVee is a user-submitted gameplay video sharing community.
DAVINCI Selectwork offers strategic communication planning tools that allow integrated, 360° campaigns to actually happen.
BuzzologySurveys is an African American owned consumer research and marketing group based outside of Seattle, WA.
MyWellnessSpace.com is an online community where individuals can come together to share their wellness goals, life dreams, and experience
Austhink Software develops solutions that support critical thinking and decision making for business and educational institutions.
LocalUgo provides web users with a nationwide database of calendared events. LocalUgo aims to cover every avenue with the mission to
PutPlace provides intelligent cloud storage solutions enabling users to save their files on Amazon S3 or their own cloud storage services.
DoppelMe has been put together by a rag-tag group of artists and web designers in London, UK.
IzzyMe is a web based classified site that combines traditional sales and trades through classified ads and social networking.
GroupSpaces is a membership management platform enabling groups to organize records, send newsletters, host forums and collect fees.
XtraGlobex is a strategic business development firm based in Philadelphia, with clients and activities all over the globe.
utoopia is a human-generated recommendations site providing information and attributes of various products.
South Park Studios is a joint venture allowing fans of South Park to stream any episode of the popular television series.
Zong is a mobile payment company allowing user to make micropayments online in gaming and social networking web sites.
Cotendo is a content delivery network and site acceleration services provider developing software focused on CDN technologies.
Travelocity, a subsidiary of Sabre Holdings Corporation, is an online travel agency providing direct-to-consumer travel services.
mBlox offers mobile marketing and engagement solutions that help brands reach customers via SMS campaigns and push notifications.
BullPoo is one of the pioneering websites in the field of social networking for finance and stock enthusiasts.
Lockergnome is a blogging network, with posts from many contributors offering technology tips.
Founded in December 2007, HelpMeSue is a free and anonymous aggregator for legal services. HelpMeSue helps users share their legal
GuardianEdge is a company offering endpoint data protection that enables enterprises to safeguard confidential and proprietary data.
Jixperts' idea is to build wikipedia you can talk to. Instead of writing articles users can make chat-bots and teach them with answering
MyCyberTwin is a service that allows you to create virtual personalities called CyberTwins.
Agoracom is an online marketplace and forum for citizens of the small-cap investment community.
Lime Wire develops peer-to-peer software and solutionss for the file sharing industry.
Odeo is a digital media company developing tools to support podcasting services.
Absolute Software creates computer theft recovery, data protection and secure asset tracking solutions.
DotHomes is a real estate search engine that allows individuals to discover properties on real estate sites across the world.
groSolar is an industry leader in the development, engineering, installing, and operations of commercial and utility solar PV projects.
eSolar develops concentrating solar power plant technology with fossil fuels.
SIMKL TV Tracker Combines All Your Queues Into One. Simkl TV Tracker automatically tracks your watched TV Shows, Anime and Movies.
Krugle provides a search engine and collaboration tools for developers to interact with source code and each other.
Engago Technologies is a privately held software company based in UK, which aims to develop and operate web services for companies.
Pure Digital Technologies provides imaging solutions for the mass market, including the Flip Video series of digital camcorders.
Software engineering and consulting. Legal consulting specialized for IT.
LoftCity an online film studio designed for the creation of short affordable professional films.
Axosoft is a provider of agile project management and bug tracking tools for software development teams.
SoftLogica focuses on the development, marketing and support of file and network management tools and utilities.
Trellon (pronounced Trel-Ahn) is a consulting firm specializing in social networking and online community web portals.
Misohoni is a Hong Kong-based web services company involved in developing web applications.
Buscapé offers price comparisons of products in Latin America.
Marin Software Incorporated (NYSE:MRIN) provides a leading cross-channel performance advertising platform used by advertisers and agencies.
andUNITE adds human knowledge to search results. Users engage with others over their searches and results, while using Google, Yahoo and
Huddle is an enterprise content collaboration company that builds network for secure cross-organization collaboration in the cloud.
Yamelo is a Web 2.0 music video search engine that lets you relive popular music from yesteryear.
LBI International offers digital communication services including internet, intranet and e-commerce solutions.
Trampoline Systems is a provider of organizational network analysis software and diagnostic services.
GamerNook is a social network for gamers, allowing them to create profiles based on the games they play.
Omnistar Interactive sells web based products and services used by man companies worldwide.
SiBEAM, a fabless semiconductor company, develops intelligent millimeter wave technologies for high-bandwidth services.
YouVersion is an online Bible engagement application for Android, iOS and Windows 8 operating systems.
Cloudtrade is a mobile social media networking company. Cloudtrade's mobile software allows users to access and share their music, photos
Baidu is a Chinese website and search engine that enables individuals to obtain information and find what they need.
Sohu offers a network of web properties and community-based products and services for Chinese users.
Sina is an online media platform that offers online media and social networking services.
Tideway Systems is a software company offering data centre optimization solutions for enterprises to make informed decisions.
Vivity Labs develops life-relevant gaming experiences across mobile, web and social platforms.
Lumosity is a neuroscience research company that provides online brain training programs.
Feed.Us is a content platform - like a cloud content management system Add Feed.Us to a Website or within a Web application, and
SearchForce is a software-based company that delivers a hosted platform to optimize PPC performance.
Twubble is a Twitter application that helps users expand their friend list by recommending new connections based on their friends' network.
1938Media is a satirical video blog started by Loren Feldman. They produce video for the web and mobile devices. 1938 Media is made up of
Open Source Living is an information and archive service for high quality Open Source software (OSS).
The Chinwag community is a focal point for digital media practitioners in the UK and beyond.
Velocix offers Digital Media Delivery Platforms, a CDN infrastructure solution for network service providers.
Disney Interactive develops and distributes multi-platform video games.
A plug-in for Outlook that lets you send and receive text messages from your desktop e-mail to cell phones.
Support Intelligence is a network security company. The company approaches security with the premise that malicious network activity can
iRise offers enterprise visualization software that enables users to create and review high-fidelity prototypes of apps.
Volusion provides e-commerce software, web design, and inbound marketing services to online businesses.
MADS offers a mobile advertising value chain that delivers targeted ad campaigns to mobile consumers.
Boxbe is an integrated email helper enabling Gmail, Yahoo and AOL users to prioritize and reduce email overload.
Advent Software is a software company that develops software to automate portfolio accounting for investment management firms.
MusicManagement provides products to refine how music is found, distributed and organized. MusicManagement aims to build sustainable
Better World Books is a social enterprise that collects and sells books online to fund local and global literacy initiatives.
Phonevite is a community-based voice broadcasting service for schools, churches, municipalities and non-profits.
Down For Everyone Or Just Me enables users to check whether a specific website is inaccessible for everyone or only for them.
Artabase is an online gallery guide that showcases exhibitions occurring at galleries around the world.
Convert psd to html http://www.css4me.com We convert your design into hand coded, pixel perfect W3C compliant XHTML/CSS beauty every time.
Acme Mobile is Southeast Asia's leading distributor of mobile entertainment content. Headquartered in Singapore and with offices in Bangkok
Moviestorm is a digital animated movie software tool that operates as a virtual movie studio.
Rollyo is a search engine allowing users to register accounts and create search engines to retrieve results from preferred websites.
Fourth Media Technologies provides end to end e-business solutions to small and medium businesses across the globe.
Zogix is a provider of sustainability solutions that enable companies to measure, track and reduce carbon emissions.
OpenRoad is a Vancouver-based 18 year old web application development firm. The company provides web development, cms, and user experience
Overture Technologies offers software solutions and consulting services for the residential lending and student financial aid industries.
Boston Consulting Group is a global management consulting firm and advisor on business strategy.
Someecards is a web portal that offers free online greeting cards for all occasions.
Gofresh provides mobile user generated content and mobile communities. Gofresh operates only in mobile internet supporting all mobile
GreatDomainRace offers inexpensive domain registration and complete website services with free 24x7 customer support.
mySupermarket is an online shopping and comparison website for groceries, helping consumers save 30% on each shop.
Jifflenow is a leading B2B sales advancement platform which helps sales meet more customers and close more deals.
Iconoculture is a consumer research and advisory firm that provides consumer trend and market research services.
VoxPop Network Corporation is a gaming network for online publishers to make and distribute games based on current events and topics.
Centive offers technology solutions to companies' sales compensation and sales performance management.
MusicNow is an online digital music collection that allows users to browse and download tracks on a subscription-based service.
TrustedPlaces is a social network for reviews, enabling people to discover recommendations and share opinions on local places.
Progress Software is a global software company that simplifies the development, deployment and management of business applications.
Progress Software is a global software company that simplifies the development, deployment and management of business applications.
Fragmob is the premier mobile commerce and social platform application developer to the Direct Selling industry.
bCisive is a tool developed specifically for Business Decision Mapping. It's an easy way to structure and visualize your thinking, create
PrivateOnlineDating.com is an online matchmaking site that helps its users find potential mates.
Kontend is a social network with a sports twist. It has a number of games, many of which involve picking players and sports teams that will
Spleak is an IM platform that enables users and mainstream media to publish content across social networks, web-based widgets and more.
Foxmarks is a free web browser add-on that synchronizes bookmarks and passwords across multiple computers.
LitPitch.com was founded by the managing partners of the law firm McCarthy Weisberg Cummings, P.C.
Labmeeting is a social network for scientists, designed as a document-sharing service for scientific papers and protocols.
Shopflick is a direct-to-consumer online shopping marketplace that offers video store-fronts and embeddable video widgets for buyers.
Trovit is a vertical search engine for classified ads on real estate, jobs, cars and vacation rentals.
Starbucks is an international chain of restaurants that retails handcrafted coffee, tea, and fresh food items.
SMC Networks develops network interface cards (NICs), stackable, dual speed hubs and ethernet switches.
TeleWare creates telephone software such as flexible inbound call distribution.
Swyx is a IP telephony company based primarily in Europe.
PGP Corporation provides email and data encryption software solutions for enterprises, businesses and governments.
Berro is a company specialized in communication solutions for the tourism industry. In recent years, it has designed, developed, and
YouTellMe is the fastest growing Price Comparison site in India with over 3 million products in 800+ categories & 30+ online stores.
vzaar is an online video platform that provides businesses with a solution for managing and publishing videos online.
MediaForge is a media company involved in retargeting and display of advertisements.
Zaypay provides online payment solutions for gaming sites and apps. Acquired in 2011 by MIG / Velti (VELT Nasdaq)
Established July 2007, iKnowlej Corporation aims to enter the world of Semantic Technology deployment & web 2.0 concepts.
CMCSA is a type of publicly traded stocks of Comcast, a mass media and communications company.
LocalWineEvents.com is a calendar and listings site for local wine tastings and other related events.
Zygo is a mobile service for groups of people in the real world, and a mobile media platform for the brands that want to reach them.
BroadLogic Network Technologies develops and distributes video-processing mixed signal semiconductors for broadband network operators.
iPass, an enterprise mobility service provider, offers global Wi-Fi roaming services for enterprise employees.
Business planning and performance tracking dashboards for small businesses worldwide.
TripTouch is an Israel based web startup that provides a personalized travel homepage. The goal of triptouch is to provide useful tools for
Protecode is an innovative provider of products and services for open source licensing and security vulnerability management.
Palamida provides application security solutions for open-source software.
British Telecom provides communications solutions including networked IT, telecommunications, broadband, and related products and services.
Blinksale is a web platform and application that allows users to send invoices.
Meredith Corporation, a media and marketing company, engages in book publishing, television broadcasting and integrated marketing.
Creative Commons offers an easy-to-use tool that enables authors, scientists, artists and educators to share their creative work legally.
Trunkt is an online wholesale marketplace selling artisanal goods.
MonkeySee is an online portal offering a collection of professionally-produced, user-generated how-to videos covering a variety of topics.
Angie's List is a website containing crowd-sourced reviews of local businesses on a subscription basis.
A social dating service designed to quickly and easily discover matches with the assistance of friends.
Plentyoffish is a free dating website offering premium services such as seeing when a user profile was viewed, and more.
Flugpo is a new kind of classifieds that provides its members with a safer, more efficient platform for classified transactions.
MyDataIsMyData aims to eradicate the privacy issues associated with Facebook Beacon by allowing users to monitor cookie usage and creation.
GeoURL is a location-to-URL reverse directory. This will allow you to find URLs by their proximity to a given location. Find your
Coupa is a cloud-based suite of financial applications providing spend management solutions to companies.
SquareTrade is an independent warranty provider for consumer electronics and appliances.
Founded in 2000, Seattle Software Corporation is a privately held corporation that provides trade show management software.
Campusbug is a provider of internet services for students. These services include online educational assistance, social networking, an
myTino.com is an outsourcing network that allows Professionals and SMEs to outsource online to China.
CVN Networks is an online video website enabling users to find and watch videos about industry research in China.
Fubra is a privately held online media owner based in Hampshire, UK. Fubra's core business is the ownership and operation of over 100 web
eMomentum is a privately funded company based in London. eMomentum was the creator of welovelocal.com a social local search website for the
TWT Interactive offers marketing, sales and communication software.
Mojiva is a mobile media and advertising network for smartphones and tablet devices.
Visible Theory is a graphics design firm located in Pasadena, California. They work on a wide-range of campaigns.
Diary.com is a website enabling users to express themselves in pictures and words.
Howtoforge.com provides both Linux system users and administrators with high quality Howtos and Tutorials on Open-Source-Software for
Navisite provides cloud-based hosting and application management services for enterprises.
UnitedLayer, a managed cloud provider, offers secure enterprise-class cloud, co-location and disaster recovery services.
LearnItFirst.com offers I.T. training videos that users can download/watch on the web. The videos are priced to compete with a technical
ThePlanet is a data center services company providing managed and dedicated server hosting to 22,000 clients across the globe.
Janmedia Interactive is an international web design agency headquartered near Washington D.C.
Associated Press is a source of independent newsgathering, supplying a steady stream of news to its members, and more.
Visioneer, a privately held company, is a world-class developer of intelligent imaging solutions.
Fujitsu provides information technology and communications solutions.
Park Sidekick creates software designed specifically for the management of Mobile Home Parks and Manufactured Housing Communities.
SmartyPig is a website helping users save for specific financial goals by making their accounts public for friends and families.
ProjectLocker is a suite of hosted and managed software development tools in the internet.
Aeria Games & Entertainment combines aspects of social networking, MMORPG, and micro-transactions to build a full-featured ecosystem.
Trellian Software produces software mostly centered around managing SEO/SEM activities as well as online productivity tools.
Pipl is a people data company that makes it easy for anyone to get contact, social, demographic and professional information about people.
Walabok is a click-to-video-email button. It allows anyone to click on the button and send you a video/audio message from their browser
Cutcaster is a model that adds a dynamic marketplace structure to support licensing user-generated photography and vectors.
Heysan is a mobile community and messaging service.
GitHub is a web-based Git repository hosting service offering distributed revision control and source code management functionality of Git.
YUPPTV is an online platform providing access to Indian TV channels and magazines of various languages.
alaTest is a web platform that operates as a review aggregator providing reviews, ratings and price comparison for a wide range of products.
Smibs is the provider of two products. Doorbell is a web app designed to provide sales software for non-sales people and SmibsNet is a
MEDgle aims for global health care transparency by guiding consumers to relevant diagnoses, physicians, services, and health products.
Picoy is an online photo blogging community for Internet users to upload and share photo albums with friends and families.
eVIPlist is Digg for African-Americans. eVIPlist is a user driven social content media website. Everything on eVIPlist.com is
ArticleAlley is an article publishing site allowing authors to showcase their work and promote the spread of information around the web.
Lytecube makes LyteRAD a Rapid Application Development framework for light weight database applications.
Geeknet owns ThinkGeek, an online retailer that sells geek-themed retail products to technology enthusiasts and general consumers.
Texas Instruments develops semiconductor and computer technology for cellular handsets, digital signal processors and analog semiconductors.
Capgemini provides consulting, technology, outsourcing and local professional services.
Inxight offers enterprise software solutions such as visualization, information retrieval, natural language processing solutions and more.
S&P Capital IQ provides multi-asset class and real-time data, research and analytics for financial institutions and advisory firms.
Kasenna develops IPTV solutions that enables broadband service providers to deliver multi-play offerings to consumers.
Amnesty International is a global charity organization of people fighting injustice and promoting human rights.
BroadWebAsia is a company focused on online communities and online advertising in China.
Patents from RU is a website focused on Russian Intellectual Property matters. Their scope of services include Russian patent and
GoLearnTo is an online learning holiday specialist selling a range of courses in destinations across the globe.
AdXpose provides SaaS-based digital advertising analytic solutions for advertisers and publishers.
BizRate is a comparison shopping site enabling shoppers to find the right product by referring ratings and reviews.
PilotOutlook is an online community for pilots, flying club owners and aviation enthusiasts.
MyFab is an online e-commerce portal that sells designer furniture and home decor in France and Germany.
Splendia is an online travel site offering discovery, booking and recommendations services for the luxury travel market.
Twitlinks is Twitter tweet aggregator that follows some of the biggest names in the tech industry.
TweetMeme is a service that aggregates, filters and curates trending topics on Twitter for the users.
Alpha Twitter is a basic Twitter aggregator that provides a listing of links that have been shared between Twitter users.
VideoClix offers web-based software and production services to enable clickable videos on the web, mobile, tablets and Facebook.
Visible World provides targeted television advertising solutions for brands and agencies.
Founded in 1999 under the name Macinsite, Aaron Vegh began the company as the publisher of a Canadian magazine for Macintosh users.
Strutta develops technology and do-it-yourself tools that connect brands with their target consumers through powerful social promotions.
Typemock develops next generation .NET and C++ unit testing tools. Typemock develops next generation .NET and C++ unit testing tools.
Memeo is a software and services provider facilitating data management tools and services for small and medium businesses.
Slinkset is a free online tool that allows users to create their own message board sites in real-time.
Iterasi develops commercial web archiving technology applications and products for industry specific needs.
UK based BlackNorth Software are the creators of the TestSenz on-line software test process management application.
Salesconx is an online marketplace and network for business referrals.
ReefEdge provides wireless local area network systems for multi-site enterprises to deploy, manage, and secure wireless networks.
MessageLabs offers email security and management services to guard businesses against email threats, blackmail campaigns and others.
Mad Mimi is an email marketing service enabling users to create, send and track email campaigns without using templates.
College informational services company.
MailChimp, an email marketing service,helps businesses with their marketing newsletters, automated messages, and targeted campaigns.
Globant is a new-breed technology services provider focused on delivering innovative software solutions by leveraging emerging technologies.
PhoneFavs is a mobile optimized web portal and online bookmarking service designed for phone and portable gadgets.
AllYouCanUpload offers an online photo hosting site that enables users to post images without any bandwidth limits.
ImageShack is a hosting company for online media.
Collective Intellect is a digital communications analytics platform addressing the needs of marketers and researchers.
The International Software and Productivity Engineering Institute (INTSPEI) is a corporation with offices in New York and Kiev (Ukraine).
Beep operates a variety of web and mobile based services. These services include: Quick.as - is your one homepage for all devices. Your
Overbrook Entertainment is a production and management company that was founded in 1998 by James Lassiter and Will Smith.
PluggedIn is a family entertainment website providing information and commentary on movies, music, television, video games, and culture.
AdShuffle is an ad serving and marketing technology company integrating advertiser and publisher solutions within the same interface.
Red Oxygen develops and distributes enterprise text messaging software applications and services.
Message Media provides IT solutions that harness the most widely used communication channel on the planet, mobile messaging.
ExitReality is a social media platform with an enhanced 3D, multi-user, immersive messaging environment.
W3Counter offers Web site analytics.
imcandy.com is a place for scripted videos. All videos are generated by users and based on clear structure, easy to watch and easy to find.
Mirror42 provides performance analytics solutions that define, measure and improve KPIs related to IT business processes.
New York Designs is a small design, development, and marketing firm based in NY with offices in Taiwan.
Blogads is an online ad network based in Carrboro, North Carolina that provides advertising services to bloggers and advertisers.
Whois is a personal identity platform that helps users create, manage and propagate their online presence.
Apture allows users to search and explore content without leaving their current webpage.
Soocial provides a synchronization service that syncs contacts between the users' computers, phones and web apps.
Joongel is a vertical search engine that displays results based on the user's location and traffic ranking.
CellSpin provides a suite of social networking applications for online media.
InMobi is a mobile-first platform allowing brands, developers and publishers to engage consumers through mobile advertising.
BigString.com is an email service allowing users to send, recall, erase, self-destruct and secure email correspondence.
LessAccounting is a simple small business-accounting software company that allows clients to easily track online invoices.
Daptiv offers project and portfolio management software that provides demand management, resource planning, and time management services.
SocialSplash is a social networking site where members connect and keep in touch with friends.
EQAL is a media company developing technology-based digital media properties to help promote consumer brands and celebrities.
Medioh is a video search engine powered by RSS video aggregation. Medioh! claims to enable users to create their own tailored viewing
PetBrags is like a MySpace for all pets, and it's free. PetBrags is a family oriented, kid-friendly Social Community for all pet lovers,
LOVEFiLM is a movie subscription service of Amazon, delivering DVDs to members and providing access to an online database of movies.
Crazymenu is a collection of online applications and tools geared toward office workers-to make eating lunches easy.
delivery.com allows customers to order online from local restaurants, grocers, wine & spirits shops, and laundry & dry cleaning providers.
RateBeer is a portal, review, and social network for all things beer. Its mission is to provide independent information about beer and
Podbean is a podcast service provider that enables users without any technical knowledge to start podcasting in a blog-like environment.
Remixation offers Showyou, an app for the iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch that lets users view videos curated by their friends.
Waggener Edstrom Worldwide is one of the largest privately owned, full-service public relations agencies.
IndieShares is an independent film company. The company receives thousands of scripts online, which then move through its review process.
Dun & Bradstreet grows the most valuable relationships in business by uncovering truth and meaning from data.
National Leisure Group is a travel company offering cruises, villas, hotels, resort vacations and luxury travel services.
Dun & Bradstreet grows the most valuable relationships in business by uncovering truth and meaning from data.
Socrato hosts test prep materials, most of which have been uploaded by the site's own users.
MediaScrape, an online broadcast news network, repackages video news aggregated from news agencies and broadcasters.
SaneBull is a finance-oriented stock tracking web application. SaneBull provides a finance web-top with portfolio tracking, finance
AdvocateKhoj is a communication platform to bridge the gap between people seeking legal representation and advocates.
Macroaxis is an online personalized investment management service providing software solutions for the financial services sector.
Mastiff Tech is an emerging consulting service provider in consumer internet product domain.
IdiotsTrafficSchool is an online course users can work at their own pace. The site iscourt approved. Most states permit drivers to have a
BubbleShare is a photo sharing service enabling users to upload photos, add comments, and add their own voice to them.
TigerLogic designs, develops and supports social and mobile cloud based platforms.
filobite is an online file-storage and collaboration service for individuals and small-to-medium-sized businesses.
Socialmedian is a social news site enabling users to create and join contemporary “news networks” on any topic.
T-Mobile, a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom, is a global mobile telephone operator.
T-Mobile, a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom, is a global mobile telephone operator.
Priceline is a travel-related deal search technology enabling travelers to find travel and lodging deals and discounts.
Priceline is a travel-related deal search technology enabling travelers to find travel and lodging deals and discounts.
Revou was founded on Dec, 2007 to develop social networking software similar to the micro blogging site, Twitter.com for local automobile
Drop Magazine is an online magazine that provides a comprehensive range of content geared towards hip hop consumers.
Dial Plus is a service that automatically fetches data relevant to a phone call. The service works for business information (hours, maps,
TeachStreet is an online marketplace providing information about local and online classes and teachers.
Couch Tycoon is a German site that turns venture funding into an online game. Participants use the site's own currency to buy partial
Travora is an ad network that offers data insights and advertisers' data profiles for audience segmentation across multiple devices.
WeeWorld is an avatar-based multi-player online social network that offers visually distinctive social games and mobile applications.
Muxlim Inc. runs and operates the world's largest Muslim social media network of websites and services. The company is founded in Finland
ForteMall was founded in 2007 and launched in April 2008. They focus on designing collaboration softwares. ForteMall is also the company's
ChickAdvisor is about helping women make better purchasing decisions on everything from electronics to electrolysis.
Wayfair is an online retailer of home products for bedroom, living room, kitchen and dining, home entertainment, bathroom and more.
3tailer provides internet consulting, marketing, customer support and other related operations for online retail websites.
Storymash LLC is the creator of StoryMash.com
Sendside Networks, Inc. is a privately held communications software and services company that is creating a new category of electronic
MUBI is a curated online cinema and community that offers a subscription-based video on demand service.
FlipKey is a vacation rental marketplace that enables users to find and book a place to stay through its web platform.
Swarm is a social network and community site based around the idea of polls and voting.
Mollom is a web service that analyzes the quality of the content posted on websites via comments, contact-forms, blogs and forum posts.
Rentoid offers a rental marketplace that is similar to eBay but for rentals. Rentoid allows users to rental anything and everything.
Nexopia is a youth-oriented social networking site that originated in Canada.
UserVoice integrates easy-to-use feedback, helpdesk, and knowledge base management tools in one platform to empower customer support.
Fog Creek Software is a software company specializing in project management tools.
Red Herring is a media company that covers innovation, technology, financing and entrepreneurial activity.
In this site it's possible to download the latest mobile contents for your cell phone. Ringtones, wallpapers, videos, java games, themes
Scanbuy provides cloud-based mobile connection solutions and a platform to generate, manage, and measure intelligent barcode campaigns.
BuildDirect is an online supplier of home improvement products such as flooring, decking, siding, tile, and other building materials.
Astream is a leading streaming hosting provider. Encoding and Hosting is provided in all formats via their own international servers and
Exago is a Business Intelligence solution that adds a true self-service ad hoc reporting, dashboards, and analytics to your application.
Picporta is a R&D company based in Ahmedabad, india. Picporta creates technologies to organize pictures based on the objects found in
Webtrends is a digital marketing company providing measurement, optimization and social enterprise solutions.
Yendo is a cloud computing application that provides accounting software for small and medium-sized businesses.
Health Plan One is an online health insurance marketplace serving individuals, families, small groups and Medicare recipients.
Lexalytics’ text analysis platforms process billions of unstructured data pieces, translating thoughts & feelings into profitable decisions.
Factiva, Inc., from Dow Jones, provides essential business news and information together with the content delivery tools and services that
Modern-Feed enables users to find and view legal TV shows, movies and other online programs.
BeenVerified helps people discover, understand, and use public data in their everyday lives.
Omnivents is a user-generated social game publisher, which means that users generate the game content given the game rules.
Zakle allows people across the globe to help each other by making their skills available to anyone who needs help.
Trendpedia finds trends in social media. Trendpedia searches online and finds the articles that talk about your topics. Trendpedia
The Guild is an online marketplace for artist-made home décor products.
Oosah is an online storage service for media that helps users manage digital content through the browser.
Digital Journal is a digital media news network providing information submitted by a global network of journalists.
PrepChamps.com is an online social recruiting community for high school sports.
Bizooki sparks visibility and customer engagement via digital platforms, specializing in crowdsourcing projects.
Super Technologies is a global VOIP communications company, expanded to provide cloud based solutions for health, education and CRM markets.
Superblock is a software development firm specializing in web-based applications and process automation.
Lemonade enables people to combine commerce and community in the digital neighborhood of their personal online spaces.
MyPickList a service for users to create lists of items that they personally recommend and share them with their friends and family.
FeedFlix is a free, 3rd party service for Netflix subscribers. Using the Personalized RSS feeds that Netflix makes available, FeedFlix
Aardvark is a social search engine that allows users to ask questions and receive answers from their extended network.
Piwik is an open source (GPL license) Web Analytics software. It generates reports on website visitors, popular pages, the search engines
Gracenote is the world's leading entertainment data and technology provider across Music, Video and Sports.
LightPole is designed to answer the most probable questions in the shortest amount of time and with the least amount of interaction.
SuperVirals Pty Limited was established to develop and launch the SuperVirals consumer-generated content platform for brands.
GIS Planning provides web-based geographic information systems such as ZoomProspector.com which fosters economic development.
Argentina-based Flaptor is a search and application business that was founded in 2006. Their flagship product is a search tool called
Kirix Corporation provides data analysis software that works seamlessly with data on the web.
iSquare develops web-based software products such as BudgetPulse.com, an interactive budgeting utility.
Web.TV offers oppurtunity to launch/create your own channels on the internet. With its social aspect, tools for in use, mobile applications
Tripath Technology provides integrated circuit devices for the consumer and PC convergence, digital subscriber line and wireless markets.
Dibzo is trying to make it easy for users to find cars. The site offers large photo galleries, video test drives, reviews from experts and
Jobstick provides an internal real-time matching tool that connects individuals with suitable job opportunities.
Enclude is an online invitation and eCard web site that features photo hosting and video sharing capabilities.
claimID allows users to manage their online identities using OpenID.
Oortle is looking to bring the community aspect of media sharing to the web. Their products feature chats, emoticons, and other community
Viewzi is a customizable and multi-faceted visual search engine that displays search results in a variety of ways.
Spécialiste de la conduite de projets innovants et du e-marketing. Expertise nouveau média et multi-canal : presse, Internet, téléphone
BedandBreakfast.com is an internet-based bed and breakfast directory enabling travelers to search for and book accommodation.
Active.com is an online community for people who want to discover, learn about, share, register for and participate in sports activities.
SignMeUp.com provides a web service for Event Managers, Race Directors, Associations Managers, Meeting Planners and Marketing Managers.
Association Management Software and Event Registration Solutions.
ReviewGist.com is a product discovery and research tool for consumer electronics powered by online expert reviews.
Weeloop is a social networking site, dedicated to the electronic music community. The site's goal is to connect all aspects of the music
Voices.com is an online marketplace that connects businesses with voice-over talent.
MyWebGrocer offers an online ecommerce, marketing and data platform service for grocery chains and packaged consumer goods companies.
JobScore offers an applicant tracking system and social recruiting software solution.
Triggit enables advertisers and agencies to build, run, measure and optimize retargeting-driven display campaigns from a single platform.
YouBeats.com is a hip hop music community that gives artists the opportunity to gain prime exposure through multiple rankings systems.
Calabash aims to apply the principles of microfinancing to the music industry. Calabash enables fans to deliver start-up capital to
Firewall Script provides a PHP based firewall that can be run by users on both shared hosted servers and their own servers.
RateBuilding is a start-up website where all people can rate buildings where they live and work.
Chilirec is a music site that extracts individual tracks from internet radio stations. It then lets you either play them back in the
Serious Business is a developer and producer of social games.
Gameware was founded in 2003 after purchasing the assets of the now-defunct Creature Labs. They produced a software toolkit that underpins
Talicious, a talent community, allows users to share their talent, communicate with other users, and be discovered by scouts or agencies.
RelevantView is a market research technology company. It captures both behavior and opinion, including Usability Testing, Concept Testing,
E*Trade is a financial services company that specializes in online discount stock brokerage service for self-directed investors.
Savvy Circle, an ecommerce wish list maintenance web app, notifies users when the products go on sale.
SMEOracle, founded in 2007, is a site targeted toward professionals, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and Recruiters.
Aegis offers a wide range of environmental, occupational safety and health and MSDS/SARA Title III compliance management services.
RateItAll is a consumer-review website that incorporates social networking through reviews on products and services.
Presdo Match is an event networking app enabling participants to connect through online and mobile apps.
Android provides an open-source mobile software platform that allows developers to create applications for mobile devices.
Orange is one of the largest operators of mobile and internet services in Europe and Africa and a global leader in corporate................
FREEDOMSPEAKS.COM is the only completely non-partisan political social network that allows its members to write letters to their publicly
Congress.org allows users to identify and contact elected leaders in Congress, the White House, and state legislatures, communicate with
Zigron Inc is a technology services firm with core focus in User Experience and Product Development along with back-end technologies.
Fisher Investments is an independent, global money management firm and investment advertiser.
OPEN Sports Network delivers a combination of user-empowered, betting-enabled fantasy sports games and contests with open APIs.
Jetcost is a metasearch engine specialized in travel. Its flight search engine compares real-time thousands of flights from online travel
NetLine is the Leader in B2B Multi-Channel Content Marketing, providing online lead generation and marketing services.
Wordie is a social network and collaborative dictionary for people who love words and language.
TuneWiki is a social music player and a multilingual lyrics database sharing songs and lyrics online.
mSoft is the entertainment production industry's sound, music and video clip management. They are an aggregator and supplier of production
Blubert is a news portal for technology,world,health,sports and business. Blogs are included in news sources. The site clusters news/blogs
LinkedCells is dedicated to creating easy to use products that make Microsoft Excel users more efficient.
Estately is a real estate search site where users can search for information on houses for sale on a map and view detailed descriptions.
Industry experts and thought leaders mix it up in The Gillmor Gang's daily conversation on what's hot in technology and social media.
NileGuide is a travel planning site allowing users to search for hotels, restaurants and other tour destinantions.
Schematic is an interactive agency. We help our clients succeed by envisioning and deploying content, community, and commerce solutions
Razorfish, an interactive marketing and technology company, provides services that include web development, media planning, and technology.
Our sales enablement & sales acceleration software predicts winning content that boosts rep productivity, advances sales, & closes deals.
twit+ offers an app that allows users to send users send pictures, videos, and other files to their friends on Twitter.
Greenbox offers electricity, water and gas energy consumption management solutions to homeowners.
Tealeaf provides digital customer experience management and behavior analysis solutions that enable businesses to optimize their activities.
Spotify, it’s easy to find the right music for every moment – on your phone, your computer, your tablet and more.
Traffic Synergy does Affiliate Networks, Affiliate Marketing, and Affiliate Programs.
Youcode.com is a website that allows members to meet new people whom they have seen out in public.
Zenbe is a mobile and web apps developer allowing users to share contextually-specific information with a select group of people.
Drijo provides a ride-sharing/car-pooling system with the partial use of GOOGLE MapsTM technology.
ClassifiedFlyerAds.com allows users to create online classified ads that are automatically syndicated to a variety of web directories.
Adify is an advertising infrastructure company enabling entrepreneurs and media companies to build vertical advertising networks.
Techrigy offers marketing KPIs and diagnostics to develop product strategy, build brand loyalty and create engaging content for businesses.
BeamMe.Info is a SMS information service that allows companies to deliver free-to-user, requested information from their websites directly
InvenSense provides motion-tracking devices for consumer electronic products such as smartphones, tablets, game controllers, and others.
Wigix offers an online marketplace for buying and selling.
Sonic Solutionst is an internet provider delivering the connectivity and technical support.
Many people have expressed curiosity about the origins of the language learning website, lingoloopy.com.
MondayWorks.com is Europe's first bi-lingual online-marketplace for projects and international experts.
Bridgevine is the leading customer acquisition solution provider for top home service brands.
Thinking Screen Media provides content delivery services for wireless picture frames, connected televisions and media players.
Sony Music Entertainment is an American music corporation offering record labels from current artists as well as archival recordings.
Universal Music Group provides recorded music, music publishing, and merchandising services worldwide.
Hoovers is a database providing insights and actionable information about the U.S. and global companies.
Nextel Communications is a wireless service operator.
Grey Global Group is an advertising and marketing agency based in New York City.
Infinera Corporation provides optical networking systems based on photonic integration technology in the United States.
Siebel Systems is a CRM software company automating the sales and customer service operations of large corporations.
Ariba, Inc. is the leading provider of collaborative business commerce solutions.
Virgin Media is a UK-based company offering TV, broadband, landline phone and cellular services.
Sirius XM Radio is a satellite radio company.
Cortera provides business-to-business payment and purchase behavior data and insights on public and private companies.
Innovolt provides an electronics power protection and management platform that allows equipment to be safe from power grid disturbances.
Center'd is a local search and discovery company that organizes and distributes content based on SentimentAnalysis.
Indochino sells menswear, accessories, wedding wear and personalized digital gift cards online.
Measure Map is a distance measurement tool that provides free statistical analysis for bloggers.
Kabam is a mobile gaming company developing free-to-play core games available on mobile devices, the web, and other platforms.
Crossboard Mobile offers Adleads, a mobile advertising platform enabling people to sign up to hear from brands and businesses they like.
Twitterrific is a Mac-only application that lets you both read and publish posts or tweets to the Twitter website.
Verizon Communications is a broadband and telecommunications company operating 4G LTE network, 3G network, and information services.
GameTube develops online gaming community portals and offers business-to-business HD video hosting services.
Unica offers enterprise marketing management and cloud-based marketing solutions to companies and different industries.
TraceWorks offers Headlight, a marketing campaign management SaaS-based platform for online advertisers.
Aprimo provides an enterprise marketing management solution that enables businesses to implement and manage online marketing activities.
InGameNow is an online platform for sports enthusiasts to interact and share sports-related gossip and analytics.
MyAnimeList a social network that allows anime and manga fans to organize, discuss and discover videos.
Anime News Network is an online news platform offering an anime encyclopedia, forums, surveys, contests and more.
mappery is a diverse collection of thousands of real life maps contributed by map lovers worldwide.
Warner Bros. is a media company that creates, produces, distributes, licenses, and markets of several forms of entertainment.
Jumbuck Entertainment provides community messaging applications to wireless carriers in the world.
UNYK is a smart address book that allows users to keep all their contacts (Hotmail, Yahoo, Gmail, Outlook, etc.) in one place.
OneWebHosting.com provides web hosting and e-commerce related web services to the SMB market.
Datz is a digital music platform with an online music store and a community-oriented site. Datz allows emerging artists to upload their own
BioWizard is a web-based platform providing biomedical research information for scientists and physicians.
The KnowledgeBid platform connects researchers with primary information sources and industry experts.
Turbine is a privately-held online gaming studio in North America creating and operating online games.
Essential Skills provides comprehensive & affordable educational software. Essential Skills offering consists of over 70 titles that cover
Mind Candy is a British entertainment company specializing in the development of new types of multi-player online games.
Nomad Connection is a Korean software company developing mobile media solutions to enable IPTV streaming on mobile devices.
Syncplicity is an enterprise-grade cloud file storage platform providing backup, sharing and synchronization solutions.
AllMyData offers unlimited online backup, storage and sharing.
TicketLeap is an online ticketing platform enabling event organizers to sell, market and manage their events in one place.
kajeet offers mobile phones for kids and teens with prepaid options, parental controls and GPS tracking features.
FotoLink connects the real world to the digital world using today's most preferred platform for communication, the mobile phone.
ClickIndia, a classified ad posting site, providing an easy way to search, buy or sell, to exchange, to interact for common interests.
Provides internet, voice minutes, IPLC, and is positioned to take care of all technological needs.
New Relic is a SaaS-based software analytics platform offering app performance management and mobile monitoring solutions.
Gridstone Research is an analysis and modeling platform that helps investment professionals make better investment decisions.
Iceberg is a software platform for developing enterprise-level software without the need to create custom codes.
Jwaala is a software company providing modern eBanking solutions for community financial institutions.
ShoppingNotes is a shopping bookmark site with a price watch engine. Users can save the products they find on the Internet, and
Velocify provides cloud-based intelligent sales software designed for high-velocity sales environments.
Greenlayers offers green screen actors for banner ads, animations, films, documentaries, TVCs, mobile video telephony and PPT decks.
XSketch is a multiplayer social word sketch online game similar to Pictionary. A player sketches a picture with the goal of having other
Streamzy is a music search engine that allows users to search for media and stream it.
Addictomatic is a discovery platform that aggregates sites on the web for the latest news, blog posts, videos and images.
Luminotes develops WYSIWYG personal wiki software for organizing notes and ideas.
Kidmondo is an online baby journal and organizer that allows parents to chronicle their child’s life and share it with others.
eFORCE tries to provide their clients with competitive advantage with a focus on RoI. Their services and solutions enable their clients to
Pixsta is a visual search engine analyzing the image pixel level to identify contextual displays of similar product images for e-commerce.
Voices in Business produces sponsored podcasts in niche business areas, focusing particularly on the banking and financial services sector.
welovelocal.com is a review and rating social network for things near you. Think of it as a British-based Yelp, which originated in London.
Phonewire provides voicemail to text transcription services and live operator answering services for individuals and businesses.
Red Swoosh is a peer-to-peer content delivery company that develops client-side technology to support, manage and distribute media files.
FusionOps is a cloud-based analytics application that helps supply chain business users deliver dashboards, reports and analytics.
MarketGuru is an investor company helping entrepreneurs create their ideal portfolio based on their investment philosophy.
Tripwolf is a social travel guide providing hotels, reviews, photos, videos, travel information and budget tips for travelers.
Diabetic Days is a new free web service that allows anyone, anywhere to easily keep a track of their Diabetic life.
Tablefinder is a live search and booking engine that enables users to make restaurant reservations.
Free dating website, initially developed for multi-language interface and support.
Level 3 Communications® is an international communications company developing IP transit networks in North America and Europe.
PatientsLikeMe is an online community that allows patients with life-altering diseases to communicate and share with one another.
HyperCalc provides mathematics related software for high school students in the United States and abroad.
The Ad Database enables users to make online ad spaces searchable by CPM, keywords and ad size.
MakeUseOf Directory is an online directory listing free web-based and mobile applications. At the moment site receives around 1,500,000
Zinch is a website connecting colleges and students by allowing students to create their profiles that can be browsed by colleges.
Founded in 1994, Bodog has its head office, and is licensed in, the Caribbean nation of Antigua.
Gpokr is an online poker game where users can play for money and compete in monthly competitions.
Xerpi is a place to save, organize and find websites. Xerpi aims to free you from the limits of browser bookmarks. With Xerpi you can
Medhealth is an online health community that allows users to ask questions from actual doctors via Q & A forums on the site.
TIBCO Software Inc. is a global leader in infrastructure and business intelligence software.
Daum Communications offers a web portal in South Korea that provides internet services to web users.{ sorabang9.com }
Yoono offers software that allows users to connect and share with their social networks and instant messaging services.
Fididel brings haggling online, offering real time negotiations between buyers and sellers.
Colnect Collectors Club Community offers a collectibles catalog providing the base for personal inventory management and more.
eVapt provides billing solutions to IaaS, SaaS, PaaS and on-demand providers.
Quickoffice is a freeware software platform enabling users to open, view and edit Microsoft Office files on mobile phones.
Social portal with network, bookmarks, blog, topsites, games and many more features.
GodTube is a video-driven Christian social network connecting users with friends, family, co-workers, testimonies and ministries.
Construktiv is a German developer responsible for creating Mister Wong and Lifestream.fm
Jinni is a personalized taste and mood based discovery solution for pay TV entertainment and extended its service into the ADTECH space.
Citizen Sports offers web apps that enable interaction among sports fans.
Blue Nile is an online retailer selling certified diamonds, engagement rings and fine jewelry.
Netscape Communications Corporation offers development, marketing, sale, and support of enterprise software solutions.
Opsware offers products for server and network device provisioning, configuration and management, specifically for enterprise customers.
Empire Group develops high-end custom interactive experiences for companies nationwide. Services include Online Strategy, Experience
Zeer is an online consumer grocery information resource suggesting products based upon users ‘specific dietary needs.
SweetSpot Diabetes Care provides health data extraction and analysis services for the treatment of diabetes.
Hush Labs has built Natuba, a photo sharing site for iPhone users. The company was founded by co-founder and ex-CEO of Rackspace and
Mobog is a mobile photo and video sharing site enabling users to upload pictures and videos to social networks through their mobile phones.
TextAmerica is a mobile photo sharing and moblog site. Users can send their pictures and videos directly from their mobile phones.
The Inquisitr is an internationally-recognized trending news destination.
VentureLoop is a website that enables users to discover job postings at venture and seed capital-backed companies.
MarketLive, an e-commerce retail technology platform, helps fast-growing companies sell goods and services across multiple channels.
startech is a mobile media company that builds mobile websites that score 5 of out 5 on the http://ready.mobi test.
Tumblize is a theme design company specialized in creating Tumblr themes.
Memopal is a cloud-based storage platform enabling users to store and share files on a single centralized system.
Smashwords is an eBook self-publishing and distribution platform serving independent authors and publishers.
SvcMart.com is an online community where users can post requests and vendors can post proposals.
SupportSoft provides software and services that automate the resolution of technology problems.
MyDanwai is a search engine for organizations and people. It provides job and salary information for individuals within a company.
FantasyBook develops fantasy sports games for the Facebook platform. Launched in December 2007, FantasyBook received seed funding by Bay
Activision is an American company developing and publishing video games.
PrimeSense offers an interactive device that can see, track and react to user movements outside the computer.
TwitterFone is free service that lets you update your Twitter feed using your voice from any mobile or cell phone.
Spark Networks is a provider of online personals services, helping people make connections and foster meaningful relationships.
CrowdChess is a site that takes the wisdom of the masses concept and applies it to chess. Members are assigned to teams, where they vote on
Conenza delivers unique and flexible social business solutions for marketing communications, business development, and talent acquisition.
The Yucaipa Companies is a holding company focused on private equity investments.
Skyrider develops P2P networking solutions that enable online content delivery and publishing, data analysis, and online advertising.
Delta flies to more than 350 destinations on 6 continents, serving more than 160 million passengers each year. It's an important job.
CHIC.TV is a Video 2.0 media and technology company that produces and delivers 24-hour lifestyle content.
Fanzter is a software company based in America focused on designing and developing consumer-focused mobile and web products.
Travelobuddies is a portal site providing free information to travelers.
Sports Technologies creates web technologies that enable fans to share their passion for sports.
One of the biggest search engine marketing companies in the UK. They offer enterprise search engine optimisation packages to ensure
MediResource builds scalable health information and advertising networks. Our health content libraries, interactive tools, social
Phi Media is a full service marketing and consulting agency, with deep roots in the design and technical/development field.
Xunlight is a technology company that offers mechanically-flexible photovoltaic modules.
One Blue Brick is a creative team crafting innovative experiences on the web. Our products include edopter and Fast Society.
PartyGaming is an online gaming company that offers a suit of online games, such as online poker, casino, bingo, and sports betting.
Control4 provides personalized automation and control solutions that allow virtual control of any device in homes and businesses.
IPEVO designs affordable technology, versatile teaching tools, and related accessories for modern educators.
FuGen is a provider of solutions and services for cloud-based identity management, SSO, and ID federation brokering and certification.
FSM is a social networking site for sports fans. Users get personalized profiles, custom avatars, and a dashboard with tools to share and
Oomble provides technologies to deliver multimedia-content to cell phones. Oomble's interface lets users to drag and drop their personal
Caachi is a place where independent filmmakers can tell their stories. Caachi uses a Peer-to-Peer BitTorrent file sharing protocol to push
HHOTT is creator of a patent-pending browser add-on to support safe, fast, and clickless browsing of web pages and rich media content.
ChatAny is a virtual community with no borders. ChatAny offers users a place to define ones' personality through the creation of an avatar
TrafficBroker is an internet marketing agency specializing in paid search. Founded in 2004, it serves blue chip companies. It's based in
Supercool School is a real-time tech platform enabling edupreneurs to build, customize and administer online schools.
Platform for brands to build customized social engagement experiences from scratch, & deploy instantly across all digital touchpoints.
Apatar is a provider of open source software tools for the data integration market. Apatar brings data integration to the companies who
Siftin is a live search engine helping users find deal sifting through used item classified ads and new deals online.
Fave is a local search engine delivering organized and relevant results for any product or service on the internet.
Vurv Technology provides on-demand talent management applications and related support and services.
Wirama’s products allow customers to deploy more economical and efficient use of RFID systems in warehouses, stores, and loading docks.
Muvee provides consumer video editing software for creating home movies and slide shows on Windows, Mac and Android devices.
Taleo Corporation is a provider of cloud-based talent management solutions, enabling businesses to recruit eligible candidates.
Telly is a video sharing portal that enables its users to upload personal videos and share them across social networks, SMS, and e-mail.
GoMobo is a mobile and online food ordering platform that allows customers to order food from restaurant menus.
MyWay Interactive provides a personal productivity platform that generates free sales leads for the successful sales 2.0 professional.
SocialCalendar is a Facebook app enabling users to get notified of upcoming events and send virtual wishes and greetings for them.
ESPN is a leading multinational and multimedia sports entertainment company.
Telenav is the leader in personalized navigation. The company provides products and services for people on the go.
FirstString is a startup helping high school athletes share their sports information and ideas.
EPSODIC offers a unique, automated content production service to players, to use their game play data for producing short-form movies.
Novauris was founded by the founders of Dragon Systems, and is developing voice recognition for mobile devices.
3 Dynamics (Asia) Limited is a mobile application service developer based in Hong Kong. The company offers a broad portfolio of mobile
CartEdge is an e-commerce system with a shopping cart, SEO optimization, customer tracking, etc.
Twidox is a cloud-based platform helping users and organizations to upload, share and manage their documents.
The sixgroups.com Livecommunity shows the community on a website and breathes life into it.
imedo is a German health community that enables patients to take control over their health by sharing advice on e.g.
1234ENTER is a SaaS-based company that helps small and medium businesses get started in digital marketing.
Brick & Click Technologies is an IT Consulting company offering diverse tailor made solutions to help organizations around the world.
sevenload is a global social media platform providing photos, videos, interactive show formats and user generated content.
Careerjet is a semantic analysis technology-based vertical search engine connecting various job vacancy listings globally.
Gimahhot operates an online business-to-customer shopping platform for trading products.
DoApp is a mobile ad network and consumer and business app developer for websites, desktops and mobile devices.
NewsCred is on a mission to make marketing better for everyone through content creation, marketing management, publishing, and measurement.
ExpertFlyer is a website providing services for air travel planning.
Mento is a link sharing site that makes it easy to share links with friends. It features Facebook integration, and supports publication to
Beam It Up Scotty is a web service enabling users to send files to their mobile devices without the use of cables, Bluetooth and infrared.
British Interactive Media Company (BIMA) is the industry association representing the interactive media and digital content sector.
dotMobi provides mobile and web technologies that enable clients to make their content work in a connected world.
Boardwalktech provides Excel-based collaborative planning solutions integrated with Oracle, SAP, and other traditional ERP environments.
The Economist Group is a source of analysis on international business and world affairs.
Amazingtunes is a website enabling users to find, share, rate, and recommend songs.
Hosting365 are an IT infrastructure provider based in Ireland. They provide Managed Colocation, Hosted Servers, Data Centre Services and
Panorama is a software company offering business intelligence solutions to organizations.
Your Survival provides real time information on disaster preparedness, survival and recovery, finance, health, and other important topics.
TruePosition is a subsidiary of Liberty Media Corporation that creates wireless location solutions.
Locr is an online platform and mobile app that offers geo-enhanced photo sharing services for its users.
Tuyuan is a Chinese startup attempting to offer a facial recognition technology for online photos.
Autodesk is develops 3D design software for use in the architecture, engineering, construction, and media industries.
Collaborative construction management.
RouteNote is a user driven music distribution service. The site connects indie artists with major online retailers and makes their music
Andera provides integrated online customer acquisition solutions for retail financial institutions.
Aradiom is a software company that provides mobile solutions for enterprises, network operators and service providers.
Authentium provides security software enabling e-commerce by uniting users and websites in an end-to-end secured transaction environment.
The Motley Fool is a multimedia financial services company providing websites, books, newspaper columns, TV appearances and newsletters.
ClairMail provides mobile solutions for banking, payment and credit card companies.
MyBloop is a free client application that allows users to upload and share an unlimited number of files.
Share websites & videos with your class.
Modified Media builds software to simplify the online communication experience.
Libcast.com is a cloud-based Online Video Platform dedicated to professionals and SMBs.
Nvidia manufactures integrated circuits for use in motherboard chip-sets, graphic processing units and game consoles.
Waleg.com is a big pop culture blog about celebrities news, Real TV programs and music talent shows, tech and gadgets reviews in addition
WebVet is an online resource offering vet-approved pet health information along with tools and services for pet owners and veterinarians.
Confident Technologies provides image-based authentication solutions for websites and mobile applications.
Diversinet is a provider of secure access for mobile phones. This includes authentication and a mobile platform for health care records,
AppFolio provides web-based property management software for residential property managers to market, manage and grow their businesses.
BioIQ is a health improvement technology company that optimizes investments in corporate health and wellness programs.
CPS Labs is a provider of IT services to businesses worldwide. Additionally, the company has created SlideBoom, a YouTube for PowerPoint
BlackBerry provides wireless devices and solutions for the worldwide mobile communications market.
Ecademy is a membership organization allowing entrepreneurs and business owners to connect, support and transact with one another.
RupeeTimes.com a trend setting personal finance news and information portal for India. Rupee Times with a strong editorial team and in
Wowjobs was founded with the objective of fundamentally changing the way job seekers look for jobs and employers scout for talent.
CitizenHawk offers brand management solutions for companies to register, monitor, protect, and enforce proper use of their brands online.
A software firm specializing in web portal development utilizing LAMP. The company also has a .NET and Java team. Has worked mostly for
SEO Workers is a group of industry leaders in Semantic Web Development and Search Engine Optimization.
Picitup is a visual search engine allowing images to be searched by their properties and not just by their names and tags.
Yell is a international directories business servicing the classified advertising market via printed, on-line and phone-based media.
Touch Local is a local business search and social networking tool for the UK.
BT Tradespace is an online community incorporating a business directory and marketplace. On this site you can buy and sell products and
BView is a platform for businesses to connect locally with their customers, built around a local voucher search application.
Facilitas offers online tools to compare banks and organize deposits and payments to switch.
Chictopia is a community-based website that allows style enthusiasts to share fashion-related pictures, reviews and information.
GuardID offers ID Vault, which is a USB memory stick that protects the user’s identity from cyber criminals.
Roofarena is a website which enables users to buy and sell virtual Manhattan rooftops. Users can use their virtual property, which is paid
FUZZ is people-powered radio, enabling users to listen to and create free internet radio stations.
Dilithium offered high-quality multimedia delivery over mobile and broadband networks to any device.
Nordic River develops visual version management software enabling editors to review document versions simultaneously.
KangarooBox sells and supports computer server appliances.
Sales Spider is a social network enabling SMEs to connect with others, host and view webinars, place classified ads, and access sales leads.
RetireHub provides retirement planning and investment management services.
Commerce Sync automates the transfer of sales information to accounting software, populating any QuickBooks or Xero account.
TuneUp Media is a platform creating a better digital music experience for music lovers.
Loanio is an auction-based peer-to-peer lending website.
SimpleTuition offers tips, advice, interactive tools and deals for students to plan their education expenses and manage student loans.
Newsweek is a premier news magazine and website, bringing high-quality journalism to readers around the globe for over 80 years.
Tyfone offers a mobile financial services platform that enables banks to offer customers mobile banking and payments systems.
A fast-growing entertainment celebrity site with over 1.5 million visitors per month.
Streamy is a real-time personalized news site.
Visible.net is an e-commerce software and online marketing company that offers technology solutions for online business activities.
Dynamic Clothing is an online clothing company that focuses on designing apparel that will fit many different styles.
AKMG is an international performance-based online advertising agency offering a selection of campaigns.
tjoos.com is an online comparison shopping web site. The service crawls the web for prices, volume discounts and coupons. In May of 2008,
Craig's Little Buddy is a tool that allows you to search every US craigslist location/site at the same time.
Infinia is a solar energy tech company offering PowerDish, which is a power generation product that converts solar energy into electricity.
TripKick provides detailed reviews of individual hotel rooms. The site can recommend hotel rooms according to criteria specified by the
The Financial Times is a business news organization providing essential news, comments, data and analysis for the global business community.
Accoona provides online search services and e-commerce consumer electronics retailing in the U.S. and China.
TrustPlus Digial is a social exchange platform that uses digital currency to measure trust and trade within personal circles. - See more at:
Acquired by TowerData in 2013, Rapleaf provides comprehensive data about email addresses and the people behind them.
Efficient Frontier, an online performance and social media marketing platform, manages social media campaigns for advertisers and agencies.
Textensor develops web services for collaboration and communication.
Schmap publishes digital travel guides and offers maps and guides for the iPhone and iPod Touch.
Squace is a free mobile phone application for people who want fast, easy access to real-time Internet content anytime, anywhere.
Kanjoya’s SaaS products reveal the emotion & intent driving critical business outcomes, based on pioneering NLP & AI capabilities.
Subbmitt.com is a social news site similiar to Digg or Mixx, except that on Subbmitt, all articles submitted make the front page.
Mozes enables marketers and event planners to create, manage, promote, and analyze mobile marketing campaigns at events.
Acupuncture.com is an online resource for Chinese medicine, health, and awareness.
rVita Health Center offers integrative medicine with Ayurvedic treatment options combined with yoga and diet.
OpenSocial Foundation is a non-profit entity jointly proposed by Yahoo, MySpace, and Google.
MeFeedia is a media search website featuring videos, TV shows, movies and music.
Eluma is a personal productivity tool designed to help you take control of your online life.
StudyCurve is a social network focused on education. The site aims to connect students with experts to answer questions and to form virtual
Slingbox is a browser extension that allows users to discover and share web content in real time.
findingDulcinea is the Librarian of the Internet. The company's mission is to untangle the Web, clearing it of clutter and spotlighting
IDlasso allows users to create profile cards, virtual cards that link to one's various online identities.
Rails Machine was founded in 2006 to create the ultimate hosting environment for the Ruby on Rails community.
Pitchfork is an internet publication providing criticisms, commentaries, music news, and artist interviews on indie music.
Facesaerch is an image search engine for faces powered by Google. The results are displayed iTunes cover flow style. The site was realized
**bwin merged with PartyGaming in 2011 to form bwin.party.** bwin is an online gaming community, with features ranging from sports coverage
Blue Coat Systems provides the users with secure and optimized information flow in any network.
VirtualLogix develops and markets virtualization software solutions for connected devices and networks.
Canal Internet offers television shows and video content in Spanish over the internet.
gDocsBar is a sidebar extension for firefox that gives you quick access to your Google Docs.
Fonemesh is a peer-to-peer network company that provides efficiency within mobile networks.
TrafficZ offers domain management and monetization services to premium domain owners and aggregators.
DealQUE [CUE] is a social bargain hunting website, where users generate deal content and share it with the community.
mysurveylab.com is online survey tool that enables easy survey creation, automates response collection and provides real-time reports.
FuturLink, an intelligent marketing technologies provider, develops and manufactures equipment and apps for mobile, internet and POS fields.
The Bluepod is a mini computer server with a Bluetooth transmitter and various connectivity ports.
Hypertag specializes in proximity marketing. The company offers brands and agencies a one-stop-shop for experiential, outdoor and other
Websnapr produces snapshots of internet pages, enabling visitors of a site to instantly visualize any web page without having visited it.
Dezide is a developer of software for decision support and guided troubleshooting operations.
Hobnox is the entertainment network for creatives and their friends. It is an initiative to provide networking and creation tools for
Stitcher is an online radio service that allows individuals to stream news, entertainment, sports and talk radio onto mobile devices.
Cognition Technologies is a semantic search company developing natural language processing technologies for various types of devices.
[x+1]’s integrated platform includes a DSP, DMP, site decisioning, tag management and mobile advertising technology.
Dexrex Gear is an IT company that provides text data management services for instant message networks and mobile text messages.
Cellity offers a free SMS service enabling users to send and receive short messages free of charge.
Raydiance develops, manufactures and markets precision manufacturing solutions enabled by femtosecond laser technology.
Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE) is a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment Inc., a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Sony Corporation.
Ufeel is a Chinese social networking service. Ufeel (Yu Fei) means friend with good feeling. Ufeel targets well educated Chinese users from
Samsung Electronics is a South Korean multinational electronics company.
OleOle manages a multi-lingual, vertical social media platform for football.
Day Software develops web applications that allow customers to deploy global, multi-lingual internet initiatives.
VacationBigIsland.com offers vacation rentals on the Big Island of Hawaii. They have homes and condos for rental from Kona to Hawi along
VoipReview is an information place for consumer VoIP providers and small business VoIP providers.
DSLreports.com is an online community based on interest in consumer broadband (and related) information, news and tools.
Tiny Prints operates two e-commerce brands offering cards, invitations, personalized stationery and photo books.
Carbonfund.org is leading the fight against global warming, making it easy and affordable for any individual, business or organization to
TerraPass is a mission-driven environmental company that funds clean energy and greenhouse gas emission reduction projects.
BusinessCard2 is a web platform that allows members to create virtual business cards.
Sometrics is a web platform for publishers to market free-to-play online games and monetize virtual currency via consumer destination sites.
Increo Solutions is a cloud storage and document sharing startup providing solutions for browser-viewable web documents.
Dizzot Inc is a web development company focused on developing websites from ideas generated by the owner.
True[x] is a digital ad-tech company offering engagement advertising solutions for brands.
The PopTok application allows you to show celebrity video messages in your messenger chat. PopTok provide clips of scenes, gestures and
LiveAutographs.com provide you with a personalized celebrity video message and autographed memorabilia.
l3vw92 lbnnnctrrzri, [url=http://uztfzifbigjt.com/]uztfzifbigjt[/url], [link=http://ouopzjnqyaya.com/]ouopzjnqyaya[/link], http://ztsplewpl
Expedited Travel specializes in expedited travel documents. Unlike the standard order process, which can take up to 3 months through the
Closed First is a provider of industry specific performance software. They design SaaS applications to increase efficiency and revenue.
SilkRoad provides cloud-based, end-to-end HR solutions enabling customers to find, attract, develop and retain valuable talent.
Myminutes.org is a collective sentimental calendar in which it is possible to associate the minutes of a solar year with the most
esoTalk is a free, open-source web-forum application. It's designed to be super-simple, super-fast, lightweight, and extensible.
DiSo (dee-zoh) is an umbrella project for a group of open source implementations of distributed social networking concepts.
Venture Hacks supports startups and angel list companies.
Zedge is a platform for mobile phone consumers to discover free and relevant, high quality games, apps, and personalization content.
DeviantArt is an online art gallery and community creating the cultural context for how art is created, discovered, and shared.
Saba’s suite of Intelligent Talent Management apps covers learning, performance, recruiting, workforce planning, succession & compensation.
Envient is a web development agency focused on creating cutting edge web applications.
Graco are striving to become the largest independently owned Oilfield Services company in the nation.
myThings provides conversion-driven personalized display advertising solutions for online retailers in Europe.
Hiring decisions made easy.
MPW offers a Mobile interaction platform which combines the mobile and the internet world. It allows users to store their personal content
JustMeans is a social media platform that aims to rally both companies and individuals around social responsibility.
Launched by telecoms and internet veterans Kevin Evans and Nicholas Allen in March 2008, TheTravelEditor.com is an online travel guide for
Splice is a NSP (Network Solutions Provider) that offers customized telecommunications services.
WRAPmail is an email template system that adds a dynamic, interactive, and trackable letterhead to regular emails.
Vodafone is a telecommunications company that operates worldwide.
Nuance Communications is a multinational computer software technology company that provides speech and imaging applications.
Crunchlabz designs and develops websites. Crunchlabz tries to differentiate itself from the competition by making it easy for their
Ars Technica is a technology news platform providing technology news, breakdowns of the latest scientific advancements, and much more.
NextBio is a software company that provides a platform for life science researchers to discover and share knowledge.
ParaScale is a cloud storage software platform that clusters servers to act as one file repository.
We make it easy and fun to turn your photos into photo books, cards & other custom gifts. Learn more: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picaboo
mywaves is a free mobile video-sharing service that sends media directly to users’ mobile phones.
Aprius is a venture funded company developing shared I/O gateway systems for data centers.
Financial Crossing, Inc. provides mortgage and liability management solutions for financial institutions and professionals. It offers
Zoosk is the #1 dating App, offering a truly personalized dating experience through its Behavioral Matchmaking(TM) technology.
BlabNote is a vocal social network. Call up the blabnote number and the application will recognize you through caller-id. From there you
fuseURL allows you to create a single URL from multiple URLs.
Dial2Do is a handsfree assistant that enables users to create and send text, email, reminders, and more using their voice.
Pixaria is a Canadian software company, and a leader in Digital Asset Management with two key products - Pixaria Gallery & Asset deck.
Picture2Life is a free tool that enables users to edit, collage and animate their pictures online.
Yabb is a VOIP micro-blogging service that lets you publish voicemails on Skype. Instead of blogging you speak your thoughts and your Skype
Snackr is an RSS ticker that pulls random items from your feeds and scrolls them across your desktop.
CrowdSound is a tool enabling companies to transparently gather customer feedback, react to them and improve their service.
Bluetise Proximity Marketing is a leading proximity marketing agency. The company empowers businesses and individuals to send rich media
Dstillery, an advertising technology company, enables marketers to target prospects through scientific methods.
tagstoc is a place for the hottest and newest images, videos, news and documents on the web.
Amazing Worlds is a 3D mirror world providing exact replica of world famous locations globally.
Wujwuj is a group gifting service. Users can create a gift package, add photos, videos and invite all their friends and family members.
Wuapi is a video-sharing website that enables users to share high definition videos.
Vreel Media is an HD video streaming website featuring h.264 hi-def video streaming and file uploads.
CityHUBB is an online community dedicated to local sales and events. Any entity can advertise items for sale ranging from garage sales,
Olark is a tool for website hosts to chat with their website visitors using their existing instant messaging client.
Kenriche Technologies Private Limited was founded in Feb 2006. Kenriche offers IT services for SMEs in India, USA, Canada, UK, Germany,
Eliterenting is a full-service online portfolio management company. List your property once with EliteRenting.com, and your property will
HitTail is a search intelligence product that reveals underperforming and promising keywords hidden in natural search results.
Pollenizer helps businesses grow by offering sustainability with co-investment, talent, technical services, consulting and education.
YouLookFab is an online community of women who are passionate about fashion and style.
ClearContext provides software that streamlines email and message organization and prioritization.
Supply Chain Connect helps companies optimize their purchasing and sales processes through the use of e-commerce across a range of products.
Transpera is a mobile technology company that provides a comprehensive platform for monetizing videos on mobile phones.
Glomera offers internet software and services for users to create personalized internet directories.
BookRabbit is aimed at the 'heavy' book buyer (someone who buys more than four books a year).
Geary Interactive is a digital agency specializing in SEO, paid search, web design and development, social media, analytics, and more.
Hellman & Friedman is a private equity investment firm providing strategic and financial management support to businesses.
ITSportsNet provides a suite of software services for membership management. They focus on amateur and recreation sport industry and
Skitch is a free app that helps users communicate visually with friends, co-workers and other contacts.
ScrnShots is a community for designers to share screenshots. Upload as many screenshots as you want, embed them in your blog and discuss
VersaTables manufactures the highest-quality and most affordable computer furniture on the market.
BullsEye Telecom offers traditional voice, data, VoIP, cellular and telecom expense management options.
Tupalo offers an international online database of local business reviews and recommendations of restuarants, salons and plumbers.
Curl develops and maintains the Curl Rich Internet Application (RIA) platform. The foundational technologies for Curl emerged out of
OpenCircle specializes in website and application development, visual design and open source technology.
GameFly is an online video game rental service that allows users to rent video games via post for a monthly subscription fee.
Ztail is a website that locks in resale prices at the time of purchase.
AskMeGo is web site that connects people in a 1:1 real-time chat based on a shared topic of interest.
Lefora is a forum service that enables users to build their own community, blog or gallery online.
Anyalabs is composed of entrepreneurs who wish to make a difference with their computer and technology related talents.
Flixya is a social network enabling users to share ideas, videos, photos and blogs.
Panasonic Japan manufactures and sells various electronic and electric products under the Panasonic brand name worldwide.
Aircell is a business aviation communications company offering one-stop complete solutions for aircraft manufacturers and fleets.
Row 44 provides in-flight broadband connectivity and wireless in-flight entertainment for commercial aircrafts.
JellyCloud is an advertisement network providing online advertisement, behavioral targeting and web analytics services.
Aster Data provides big data management and analysis solutions for businesses that handle data-driven applications.
iConclude offers runbook automation solutions for information technology enterprises.
Pixim is a semiconductor company that manufactures chips for video cameras.
MinuteBox is a social marketplace for real-time advice. inutebox enables users to buy and sell expert advice across the social web. We are
SquirrelMail is a standards-based webmail package written in PHP. It includes built-in pure PHP support for the IMAP and SMTP protocols,
Atmail provides messaging solutions for Service Providers across the world.
OutQuib is a site that allows you to have discussions about any topic that interests you, with a social network built around those debates.
Global Business Development Services is an Oregon-based business development company. GBDS.US offers a full-range of business and web
Bizo is a marketing platform enabling B2B marketers to identify, reach and engage their target audiences online.
CreativeCitizen.com is a collaborative website that enables users to create, share and adopt solutions to reduce environmental waste.
Lightfleet has developed a new way of letting computers talk to each other using broadcast light to eliminate the wires.
Fliqz is a plug and play video solution for websites, which does not require software downloads.
Database search engine software.
TechMeridian offers website content management, hosting, & development. Additionally, the company has developed a content authoring system.
Roku is the creator of a popular streaming platform for delivering entertainment to the TV. Products: Roku streaming players/sticks and TVs.
Asankya provides cloud-based applications and streaming services for companies to move applications data from disk to cloud-based services.
TheCommon.org helps people in communities help each other by connecting people with needs to others with matching abilities, both inside
Porvus is a provider of IT solutions.
MeetMe® is a social networking service providing members the opportunity to meet and interact with new people.
zap2it provides an online guide for TV and movies. The site covers what's on TV, playing in movie theaters, and what's available for in
Yandex is a Russian company that offers an internet search engine and search solutions to a worldwide customer base.
Moikrug is a social networking site for professionals in Russia.
YouTomb is a research project of MIT Free Culture. The purpose of the project is to investigate what kind of videos are subject to takedown
Pingdom monitors sites and servers on the internet, alerting the site owners if any problems are detected.
Batipi delivers desktop video conferencing solutions available from your PC, MAC or mobile device (iPad, iPhone, Android).
Sonico, a Latin American social network, allows individuals, organizations and brands to interact while retaining control of their privacy.
About.com is the largest source of expert content on the Internet that helps users solve problems, learn something new or find inspiration.
eBureau offers a suite of predictive analytics and real-time big data solutions to consumer-facing businesses.
Business.com is a website enabling companies to discover, compare and purchase products and services.
OptionPundit is a stock & option trading blog. The site also offers a collection of investment tools.
Moblyng is a developer of HTML5 social games for mobile devices and social networks.
Modern Medicine is a clinical resource for busy doctors and other healthcare professionals.
''123Deals'' (sometimes referred to as '''123Deals.com''') is a web portal focusing on publishing special deals and coupons from major
Socialight offers a mobile urban navigation service, enabling users to discover, share and rate restaurants and tag secret bars for friends.
SmallWorlds is a web development company combining media, web content and casual games.
Simple Spark provides a platform to find and share web applications. Simple Spark also gives users the tools to organize and share all
JamBase is an online database of live music, show listings, ticket information and tour dates of artists and venues around the globe.
ExpertsYard is a software development firm whose prime focus is on the development of web based software.
LetsProve is a online life-streaming service which helps you to keep up-to-date on activities that your friends and family are doing.
Sirtris Pharmaceuticals develops small molecule drugs for the treatment of aging and metabolic diseases.
TinyURL is a web service providing short aliases for redirecting long URLs.
Stagevu is a user-generated video website that enables users to watch and share videos by using the DiVX Web Player.
Knewton is the world’s leading adaptive learning technology provider with the mission of bringing personalized education to the world.
Ajax13 is a software development company providing web-based applications for businesses.
Jitterbit develops open source integration software that helps businesses connect applications, data and systems.
Symora builds software products. It has built product in the medical and Web 2.0 platforms for profile portfolio sites.
AtHoc provides net-centric mass notification systems to military, government, higher education, and commercial organizations.
SpotCrime calls itself the most comprehensive online source of crime information on the web.
BPOVIA is a virtual assistant outsourcing service provider operated out of China. BPOVIA's primary business objective is to provide one
Dentsu is a large Japanese advertising company.
Swirrl provides a hosted web application that aims to help businesses organize and share their information more effectively.
EnterMedia is an in-game advertising company offering technology that places ads in both online and offline games in Russia.
Massive is the developer of video game network for in-game advertising.
CoveritLive offers a live events platform that allows brands, publishers and broadcasters to blog about events in real time.
ScribbleLive is the leading content marketing platform that grows your upper funnel by combining big data insights with workflow technology.
Locify liberalizes location based services for the mobile phones. Anyone can explore the cool independent and feature rich location powered
Skalfa eCommerce is a privately held web-commerce and software development company. The main objective of the compony is building
Prolexic Technologies is a distributed denial of service (DDoS) mitigation service provider.
Musocity is an online music community for music fans, bands and artists, musicians and music venues and retailers.
RabbleDabble.com is a Bay Area media company that aims to be the voice of the everyman. They cover what you want to say but are afraid to
GigPark is a social service that enables its users to find and share recommendations for services with others.
LiveDeal is a combined local online classifieds and Yellow Pages.
PeopleAhead.com is a career advancement website that uses intelligent matching technology (registered as TrueMatch) to present aligned
CityMint is a location-based iPhone app that offers an ordering system and menus for restaurants in cities of the U.S.
Jamba is a Berlin-based provider of ringtones, games and original content for mobile phones.
Tokoni is a website that allows users to share their stories in the form of notes, photos and videos.
LSI provides silicon, systems and software technologies for products that bring together people, information and digital content.
Zeadoo is a fully customizable homepage that allows users to add their favorite websites, search engines and other links.
NearU Search was born from connecting people with the entertainment and lifestyle choices most relevant to their time and place.
CompareNetworks is a global media company for the life science and healthcare industries. The CompareNetworks websites attempt to assist
Sxip offers Sxipper, a browser extension that fills forms, manages passwords and logs users into websites.
Infectious develops and commercializes art-related accessories for iPods, iPhones, laptops, walls and cars.
OblinQ, is aiming to be a simple way for users to showcase their expertise and spread their knowledge via word-of-mouth.
Identyx is engaged in the development of identity management software.
toonlet makes free online tools that let anyone start their own webcomics blog, regardless of their artistic ability.
sph3re.tv is a video portal dedicated to animation and animators. The first goal of sph3re.tv is to entertain via animations. The second
Accenture is a global management consulting, technology services, and outsourcing company.
Razuna is the Open Source Alternative for Digital Asset Management Systems. Managing, collaborate and share of any multimedia asset is a
Stockhouse is a financial portal with one of the largest communities of active investors in North America.
Admixture is a website representation company that focuses on multicultural markets - Hispanic, Asian, and African-American.
ItMayBe Media is a network of web products occupying social media and entertainment spaces.
Allmenus is an online food ordering and delivery network in the U.S.
Pycasa is a vertical search engine for for-sale-by-owner (FSBO) properties. Pycasa is attempting to solve two problems in the online FSBO
Spoonflower is an online community built around fabric and textile design offering custom fabric, wallpaper, gift wrap and decal printing.
Mugsho is a widget that allows your visitors to take distorted snapshots (similar to a photo-booth).
BIGWORD is an online search engine for buying, renting, and selling textbooks and comparing their prices.
Campus Explorer is a search engine providing resources and tools for students researching post-secondary education.
CarArt provides a community of artists, buyers and sellers for providing customizable digital images for car decals.
Lead.Net is a lead generation service.
Zecter offers consumer hybrid cloud storage solutions and media solutions that allow video and music streaming over the web.
Votigo offers social media marketing and promotions software that allows marketers to enlarge their audiences through social contests.
GurusFeet is a social network for spiritual and religious people. The lively spiritual network provides networking apps based on spiritual
Hurox.com (pronounced who rocks) is an online social marketplace that lets users share, sell, and buy content.
Etchstar is an on-demand laser customization service for tech accessories.
iBiz is an OS X time-tracking and invoicing application for freelancers, consultants, contract workers, and small businesses.
Qrimp (krimp) is a software products and services company focused on online database software systems.
OneMoreLevel is a flash game portal offering mobile games.
AddictingGames is a web platform that offers free online games.
C4Media is the provider of InfoQ.com Enterprise Software Development Community, and co-producer of QCon (software development conferences
Zefanclub is a Paris-based social network for soccer fans.
Electrostate is the company behind RemixWars.com, a site that gives users the ability to upload music in mp3 format and remix other
Sidecar facilitates mobile communication by enhancing phone call communication.
OtherInbox is a company that builds technology to automatically organize emails enabling users to focus on messages based on their priority.
Amazing Tech Products publishes content around tech products, companies, and people who make innovative products.
BrightDoor Systems is a sales and marketing platform for residential builders and developers.
Forward Thinking is a new media company with a broad portfolio of domains.
iWin develops and distributes mass-market online social and casual games.
Acquity Group transforms businesses and creates omni-channel digital experiences with complete e-commerce strategy, design and technology.
B3 Software offers an e-business content management system.
Socruise is a cruise holiday provider specializing in cruise deals, reviews, latest news, and ship guides.
Are you a college student looking to make money? Check out CampusHero.com, a site dedicated to having all the hottest campus representative
urlBorg is a URL-shortening service built on Google AppEngine for scalability. Users can login using their GMail account to set their
Flowww.com is trying to consolidate and simplify daily tech news and display it in an iTunes coverflow-like way.
G5 Business Directory is a business search engine and a free business article directory.
Zinio is a multi-platform distribution service for digital magazines from a wide range of publishers.
Myshowroom.TV is a live broadcast service which offers up to 6 different sources for users to broadcast and mix in their live shows.
NearbyNow creates mobile shopping applications that help consumers find products near them at any time.
Tapatap is a mobile social games community that allows users to play games and make friends.
Upoc allows users to text others about their activities using SMS and short codes.
FriendsTribe uses four keywords that allow friends to connect through their mobile phones. AT tell the service where a user is located.
Wadja is a Cyprus-based company that provides social media and mobile web communication solutions.
Flagr enables users to share places, adding photos, video and descriptions from their mobile phone.
Instant TV is a contextual video platform and application that integrates web videos into articles on a keyword-targeted basis.
Placebase is an online mapping service offering customizations and features which integrate private and public data sets in diverse ways.
Pangaeaa is a community for all types of artists who want to display and sell their work from musicians to painters.
PurePlay is a play-for-cash casino games site that enables players to compete for cash without the risk of losing their money.
Aruspex helps the world’s leading organizations by providing strategic workforce planning solutions.
A German marketplace for projects and promoting own business — quick and easy. Best for all small Businesses and Freelancers that focus on
Monkey in your Soul is a small computer programming consultant firm located in Toronto, Ontario.
AdapDev I.T. is a Tacoma area web design company providing web design and development, web site redesign and maintenance, and search engine
Tyroo, APAC’s Largest Multi-Screen Performance Network, reaches 90 million unique visitors in APAC every month.
Artifex Animation Studios is an animation and visual FX service house. The company has provided imagery for film, television, advertising,
Oxynade develops a content aggregation platform allowing publishers to monetize through local ads and transactions.
Jowba.com is essentially a startup-specific job board; at the heart of each posting is a detailed company profile, and these startup
wishli.st is a Facebook application that uses wishlists to help you buy awesome gifts for your friends and family.
Idee Inc. is a developer of advanced image identification and visual search software.
Deutsche Telekom is a telecommunications company.
Apertio is a provider of subscriber-centric networks for mobile, fixed and converged telecommunications operators.
Zero9 is a content and services provider for the web, and the B2B and B2C mobile market.
Southern Growth Studio is a brand marketing and product innovation company.
Cloudmark provides carrier-grade messaging security and infrastructure solutions for fixed, mobile, and social networks.
ClearMyMail provides online spam filtration services to protect emails from spam, viruses, and other junk emails.
Soundflavor is a web-based platform of search, discovery, and recommendation services for music.
Propertyqube is an online real estate community. Propertyqube allows consumers to create their own personal real estate networks. Users are
Raysta is an interactive platform that links brand owners directly with their fans.
Axentra develops a Linux-based digital media software platform and an applications suite.
Agent Shield is a FREE, patent pending, web 2.0 technology that makes it easy and safe for REALTORS to sell new construction properties.
IndieFlix is a film distribution and discovery site founded on the principles of community, promotion, syndication and transparency.
TipiT is a service that enables people to show their support to a cause, person or website by tipping some money.
GreenNote is a higher education crowd-funding site enabling students to reach out to their social network for donations.
BelAir Networks offers service provider class wireless broadband, with large-scale deployments for cellular and cable operators.
Bol.com is an online retailer involved in providing books, entertainment, electronic devices, and toys for its clients.
Vaultus Mobile delivers mobile solutions to help companies securely mobilize business critical applications, processes and people.
Handmark engages in the development and distribution of mobile applications and services for brands, publishers and media companies.
KookyPlan is like a wikipedia for entrepreneurs, and for the investors that invest in new ideas.
Postica lets you create sticky notes, attach a file, and share them with your friends. Create a sticky note, choose your color, and drag
Skyfire, acquired by Opera Software in 2013, is now the Network Solutions division of Opera.
ConcertAttack provides a platform for artists and fans to share concert experiences through pictures, reviews and videos.
O-FONE, a leading provider of mobile Voice Over Internet Protocol- mVoIP claims they will be the first global vMVNO 2.0 based on VoIP
Mobaganda is a simple way to plan parties, meetings, get-togethers, conference calls, etc. and track who is coming, and who is not. You do
OhDontForget is a service that allows you to schedule text messages to be delivered at the date & time specified.
Rabio is attempting to give users control of the advertising delivered to them in their browsers.
TRUSTe is a data privacy management company enabling businesses to collect and use customer data from web, mobile and advertising channels.
Aptera Motors is engaged in designing, engineering, and assembling passenger cars in the United States.
Fisker Automative is an American car company developing-environment friendly vehicles.
Cobaan is a small startup based out of India.
Market Sentinel provides you with actionable solutions designed to help you make sense of online conversations about your company.
Fabric Interactive is a digital product development group that helps startups and brands bring new products to the market.
The TV Industry's online database used for scouting new TV Show Ideas and Scripts from aspiring and professional writers.
Gate5 offers mapping and location based services for mobile devices.
Blogpire Productions is a set of blogs. Many of their weblogs have received Yahoo Pick of the day along with being featured in USA Today,
Xtract is a social marketing and advertising intelligence firm offering services for mobile and media companies.
Cam-Trax Technologies is a developer of motion-based games for personal computers.
eduFire is a distance education platform and social network service for teaching and learning.
Founded in 2003, Inca X Mobile develops enterprise and consumer mobile applications built on Microsoft's .NET Framework and Compact
Auction Inspector helps eBay sellers find profitable items to sell.
M:Metrics develops on-device metering tools to track content consumption in mobile devices.
Jambool operates SocialGold, an industry virtual monetization platform that enables developers to create and manage virtual currency.
BlogRolled is a service that allows bloggers to sell spots within their blogrolls.
B-hive Networks provides infrastructure management services for retailers, financial organizations and web companies.
DisputeSuite was founded in 2006. At DisputeSuite, our vision is clear: to revolutionize the credit repair industry by creating an
rentomatic provides landlords and tenants the ability to interact online. At rentomatic tenants can pay their rent online, track and share
DigiSynd offers outsourced packaging, syndication and marketing solutions for digital studios and other content creators.
Monsoon Multimedia makes hardware that help transmit video to mobile devices. An example of this is their Hava product.
VillageToolbox provides web services and community building tools to neighborhood groups. The goal of the site is to be the catalyst in
FanDriveMedia is an mobile entertainment technology company. Their core products include a downloadable mobile application for live events,
SuperLame provides a free flash web tool for adding comic style word balloons to pictures and images.
Meta Industries offers Combo, an online dashboard with social networking, interaction, blogging, and account management for mobiles.
Versaly Entertainment is a global mobile media and entertainment company for the always-connected mobile generation.
Pinch Media offers tools that enable mobile app developers to grow their businesses.
IronPort Systems develops email and web security tools that prevent organizations from spam, viruses, malware and other internet threats.
BrandDoozie develops automated-marketing solutions that help companies manage their brand and marketing materials.
MicroGiving is a direct online person-to-person lending model helping individuals with immediate needs.
A small team of heavy-hitters, made of experienced search industry veterans, who take great pride in their work.
CoreMedia creates content management (CMS), digital rights management (DRM) and Web TV products.
Intelius is an information commerce company providing predictive analytics such as background checks and identity theft protection.
Odysii provides retailers, banks and other consumer-oriented companies with marketing management technology and proactive sales.
ViewScore is an aggregate scoring-based product shopping search and recommendation engine.
Capital Window specializes in packaging and positioning companies to experience growth and attract capital.
Hive7 develops multiplayer web games for social networks such as MySpace and Facebook.
PRWeb is an online news and press release distribution service that provides service to a global customer base.
Cloudcity offers a white label trivia platform.
BizAg aggregates business for sale listings from multiple classifieds sites into a single comprehensive search solution.
Katalyst Network develops television and film properties that match storytelling with competitive distribution and technology platforms.
LaterLoop is a tool that allows users to save webpages they're interested in and then read them later on their phones.
Young Job is a site that helps young employment seeks find the perfect place to start working.
SRI International is a nonprofit, independent research center serving government and industry.
Gloofi is a search engine that gives users points for adding new pages, translating sites, and helping with development.
NeuroVigil is a leading neurotechnology revolutionizing EEG analysis for clinical trials, communication and space applications.
Outalot is a portable resource for finding nearby restaurants, bars, shops, and movies. Outalot's service is available on the web, iPhone,
Sylantro Systems provides software for service providers that deliver hosted VoIP applications.
Teleflip develops technologies that deliver emails to users' cell phones.
Monte Cristo is a French PC and console game producer.
Viewpath is an on-demand, visually oriented project management solution that empowers individuals to take control of their daily workflow.
NOTXOR creates web applications and MacOSX Software products.
Niwango, Inc. is operating Nico Nico Douga, Japan's second largest online video portal after Youtube. The site is only available in
ClassMarker is an online testing website facilitating and grading online exams for a vast range of global customers.
Adocu is a nano-blogging platform that allows users to post one word status updates.
Humidity Labs is a web company who produces web applications such as Twitterholic.com, and TheSeek.com.
WeGif is a community dedicated to creating, sharing and viewing quality animated photos.
Offbeat Guides develops customized travel guides with up-to-date information for individuals.
American Public Media Group is engaged in public radio, theater rental, commercial radio, and publishing activities.
OneScreen is a digital video company enabling publishers and advertisers to discover opportunities and manage operations and transactions.
Cubic Lime is a Designer Web Application company... and that might make you start wondering... what exactly is a 'Designer Web Application
Interpolls develops rich media advertising technologies that provide widgets, sweepstakes and more.
ArtistData offers a musician's syndication platform that allows artists to synchronize once uploaded information across multiple platforms.
MissGift.com was started in 2005 and has already established a reputation for greatness, due to our large selection of gift baskets and our
PageUpPeople provides employers with technology-based talent management services that help them attract, hire, develop and retain employees.
Cypal Solutions provides tools, training & consulting. Cypal Solutions is the company behind the Cypal Studio for GWT, the product that
Jigsaw provides business information and data services that leverage user-generated content of the B2B community.
Feedego is a web news aggregator which determines your preference via subject slider bars. You type some keywords (jazz, linux, microsoft,
NetProspex is a provider of B2B marketing data services and data management.
Absolute Radio is a UK-based radio station and media presence whose charter is to play classic album tracks.
Backblaze is an online storage company that offers Personal and Business Backup as well as B2 Cloud Storage.
2NGageU creates mobile app brands in underserved niche markets, that engage and connect people.
Thinkwell creates and publishes educational multimedia based on streaming video and Flash technologies.
Ozmo Devices offers Wi-Fi compatible communication technologies that deliver cost-effective WPAN connectivity for battery-operated devices.
Soceeo is a customizable social network creation tool for individuals, groups, or organizations.
OpenAir offers web-based software that includes timesheets, expense reports and project management for professional service firms.
appssavvy is a tech company enabling web, social and mobile publishers to innovate and create advanced advertising concepts.
LiveU produces technology for television broadcasters to enable live video links via wireless cellular networks.
All Enthusiast is the company behind ResellerRatings, DealLighted, PhotoPost and TechIMO.
FeedzZ is a social news aggregator with semantic features. The entries in FeedzZ are organized based on categories and users can see which
A fast next-generation search and productivity tool for standard and virtual desktops, for private and enterprise search requirements.
No Star, based in Portland, OR., is a tee line that deftly balances the sublime with the absurd, teetering between child like playfulness
Dealighted is a selection of the current days best deals & coupons, posted by users to 25+ deal forums, and all combined into one.
Navic Networks develops tools that TV advertisers can use to target ads at specific digital cable subscribers and measure their responses.
Wazzala.com is an online preparation tool for English certificates such as TOEFL & IELTS. Wazzala's system generates free customized study
DriverSide provides resources and information online to automobile owners to buy, own and sell cars, parts and accessories.
eJamming is an online collaborative network enabling musicians located anywhere to get together for jam sessions in real time.
Agilis Systems is a SaaS-based company providing fleet, asset and workflow management solutions for corporate enterprises.
bendecho is a portal for social videosharing in German-speaking countries and for English-speaking people.
BLUE1647, an entrepreneurship and technology innovation center focused on education, workforce development, business acceleration, and more.
Medallia provides SaaS-based customer experience management systems.
Valoris is a european strategic consulting firm focusing on technology driven markets and businesses.
Realore Studios creates and publishes casual online games and entertainment software.
Orbster is a developer and publisher of location-based games for mobile phones.
Shopit is an e-commerce service that facilitates sharing, publishing and selling products and information online in multiple platforms.
Kivuto Solutions, formerly e-academy, is a software distribution company that is specialized in hosted electronic software delivery.
onTV provides metadata for all scripted TV series for which full episodes are available online.
NitroDesk builds corporate productivity and secure Exchange ActiveSync solutions for Android, iOS, Windows 8 and Mac OS/X platforms.
Personifi, a contextual ad targeting firm, allows web properties and ad networks to optimize the relevancy of ads and recommendations.
Inertia Beverage Group offers solutions that enable wineries to sell their products through direct-to-consumer channels.
TuneCore is a digital music distribution platform for artists to sell their music on iTunes, Amazon, Spotify and Rdio.
Cheehee is discovering and showcasing the world's best sports handicapping talent. The site is based on sports picks contests. Members are
Internet Mall is an online retailer based in the Czech Republic.
Cooliris develops visually immersive media and communication experiences for mobile and web consumers.
CCP Games is an independent developer of massively multiplayer online (MMO) games.
Primordial develops Function Generator, a technology used to enhance the product yield and growth characteristics of microbial organisms.
Avaya provides business communications and collaboration systems, applications and services.
Gamook is a platform enabling people to play and share online casual games.
EpicAds offers performance-based digital ad network solutions for brands to build online communities, and acquire and engage customers.
FoxyMelody helps bands get their music on iTunes, internet radio, cell phones, in podcasts, and other places.
LP33.tv is a consumer-facing, video-centric music discovery site.
COMSHARP is a China-based company that creates a content management system.
Flickspin Media runs flickspin.com - a portal for article and blog writers. Its writers earn revenue through a revenue sharing system and
Vindicia provides the leading consumer subscription billing platform that optimizes customer acquisition and increases retention.
Goosh is a Web-based command-line interface for Google. Type into the browser window, and Goosh interprets your request, runs it through
WSO2 is a lean enterprise middleware company that delivers open source SOA middleware as an integrated platform to support enterprises.
Crowd Science provides audience targeting and segmentation solutions for online publishers and brands.
MarketSimplified provides SaaS mobile financial applications for financial industry including brokerages & institutional investors.
SightWorks is a design and technology firm creating digital experiences for education and the consumer products industries.
ArtFlock is an online marketplace for buying and selling original arts and crafts.
Digital Egg specializes in well designed, functional websites, corporate literature and printed material.
XIML is HTML for interactive and multimedia integration. XIML is a technology for interactive website/user interface development with
VECTOR is an European provider of solutions for a rapidly developing telecommunications industry.
ZacSoft is a company based in Sombrerete, Zacatecas, México—a small town in the nothern-central part of the territory.
Dizzywood is a virtual world where kids can collaborate and discover new adventures in a safe place.
SurveyGizmo is an exceptionally powerful survey tool designed to make even the most advanced survey projects fun, easy & affordable.
BumpTop provides users with a personalized desktop interface allowing users to customize their screens in a 3D environment.
Maitre’D POS provides software solutions for restaurants to integrate POS, back-office, and corporate functions.
DotSpots is a service enabling anyone to update news in real time with distributed objects of thought or 'dots.'
Brightkite is a location-based social network where users can “check in” at places by using text messaging or mobile apps.
Beweb is a web development company.
Coolboysoft has created Cool YouTube Downloader, a tool to download YouTube videos.
Deltek is an enterprise software and information solutions provider for professional services firms and government contractors.
Cosential provides cloud-based CRM and proposal automation solutions for architecture, engineering and construction firms.
Macronimous is an India based offshore web development firm. They have a team of 120 people, all with various skill sets working in
Majides, Inc. is a Tokyo-based web design and development agency. They build web-services for clients and themselves. Majides, Inc.'s most
TickerHound is a personal finance and investing education platform -- picture Yahoo Answers for finance.
WidgetWorld develops widgets for public use and commercial applications.
BrandYourself empowers everyone to take control of Google results for their own name and improve their online reputation.
Freeverse develops and publishes games and applications for the Mac, iPhone and other platforms.
My Digital Life is a startup attempting to bridge the gap of personal information and preferences across all devices and services.
Vextec is in the business of predicting the shelf-life of manufactured products. They look help with the viability, the cost of warranty
LyricFind aggregates licensing and content for the use of song lyrics in digital applications.
WRLDs is a for-profit organization whose goal is to provide transparency within complex cultural trends, fields of study and technologies.
PreZentit is an online presentation software based on JavaScript, it allows real time online collaboration.
Knowledge Adventure provides 3D-based, educational children’s software for home and classroom use.
The resource and community for women in business.
AFrame Digital was founded in 2005 to apply wireless technology and advanced analytics to long-term health monitoring and alerting systems.
ClickandBuy is an e-commerce business that allows payments and money transfers to be made through the internet.
MobileRider delivers video and audio content to the web and across mobile platforms.
Gartner provides fact-based consulting services, helping clients use and manage IT to enhance business performance.
SoftSelect-Engleman Associates, Inc. was founded in 1996
Bitpipe.com is the enterprise IT professional's guide to information technology resources. Browse this free online library for the latest
Advantiv is a provider of ERP System assessment, requirements definition, and vendor selection services in Higher Education.
iSeeCars is a website helping consumers find used and new cars for sale, and research to get insights, tips and advice on finding cars.
EXFO provides test and monitoring solutions for network service providers and equipment manufacturers.
iProspect is a search engine marketing company offering SEO, PPC and online marketing solutions.
StartForce develops web based desktop virtualization solutions for enterprises.
Rally Software, provides cloud-based solutions for managing Agile software development.
Clave Land Technologies provides Offshore Software Development and related services. They functions from an Offshore set-up, based in
Trisoft Consulting is a multidisciplinary consulting firm established in 1997. Its services include technology and business consulting, as
Intelliworks is a SaaS-based relationship management solution provider that enables enrollment professionals to connect with students.
SUNRGI claims it has developed technology that can deliver solar power at prices competitive with coal-fired electricity.
BrightSource Energy designs and builds utility-scale solar power plants to help companies lessen their dependency on fossil fuels.
Cool Earth Solar employs its proprietary concentrated photovoltaic technology to develop and operate power plants.
Kite Gen is creating wind generation technology to offer more efficient solutions to address the severe energy shortages on the planet.
Colubris Consulting is made up of people with extensive experience in the software development industry.
POPrl is a mix between Reddit and TinyURL. It gives users shortened URLs that can be distributed across the web, and ranks popular stories
iCall is a VOIP provider offering free ad-supported phone calls to consumers and wholesale services for enterprise.
Datanamic Solutions is a database software developer based in Leiden, The Netherlands. Founded in 1999, Datanamic has been dedicated to
Video guides of buildings and landmarks on Google maps, equivalent to Google's streetview, however, inside the buildings.
Betaface offers facial recognition solutions and computer vision powered rich media indexing service.
Exro Technologies develops a technology for self-optimizing electric motors to improve efficiency in applications with high variability.
Yakabod was founded in 2001 by a couple of technologists tired of spending billable hours on stuff that didn't matter.
iePlexus provides Web 2.0 marketing components for online businesses. Services include development and customization of search engine
SpaBoom helps spas, salons, and massage therapists with custom marketing for email, social media, blog posts, and promotions.
SimpleSeason is a consolidation of a global creative collective, working in all aspects of the Design & Digital world.
Muecs provides SaaS-based web and mobile applications that satisfy the social communication needs of enterprises and end users.
Capterra is a website that enables organizations to find the right software by identifying and quickly navigating all their choices.
Cozi is an app and website that helps people to keep track of everything from school schedules to grocery lists.
InvestorAvenue.com is a private equity and real estate investment web portal where accredited investors, entrepreneurs and service
Beema Inc. has taken over a decade of video and animation experience and concentrated it into a mobile application that allows users to
Micoy offers an omni-directional 3D rendering toolkit for creating 360 degree stereoscopic environments.
Yield Software offers a web marketing suite that leverages natural search, paid search, and landing page optimization.
ZPower develops and manufactures rechargeable silver-zinc batteries for microbattery applications and portable devices.
The MyGreat GbR essentially develops platform software and internet solutions for a wide range of topics.
Groove networks provided a virtual office through software that allowed teams of people to work together over a network.
SquareClock develops 3D applications that enable its users to design and style their houses on a virtual platform.
H-Care is a developer of multi-channel software platforms for self-service and customer care operations.
Listing service for premium domain names.
Blue Ridge Networks provides high-security outsourced Virtual Private Network (VPN) solutions.
Pivot streamlines trade desk communication by enhancing electronic trading, and enabling real-time dialogue among traders and their network.
XRackPro produces a unique line of server racks that reduces noise of rackmount computer and audio/video equipment.
Apogee provides IP-based technologies to college campuses and schools around the country.
Nike is an American company that designs, develops, and markets footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessory products.
Receivables Exchange is an auction based marketplace connecting large corporate sellers of receivables to a broad network of buyers.
Sense Networks offers MacroSense®, a technology platform for analyzing vast amount of mobile location data.
MyPronostic is a prediction gaming site and collective intelligence tool for punters and professionals.
littlehint is a matchmaking service using a networking model. Users invite their network of friends to join (via Facebook or not) and help
VideoFetcher is a video search engine that explore over100 video sites in one place.
Brainware, Inc. is a provider of intelligent data capture and enterprise search solutions that aims to help companies eliminate manual data
BlackMax Media and CodeSense have merged to create Digital Finery. Website design and development, search engine optimisation and online
vLex is a legal research platform that offers legal content and solutions for the professional, governmental, and academic markets.
mymission2 is an aspirational social network that helps users achieve their goals in life.
Jalbum let users download the photo album software Jalbum for free and let users interact with each other on the community site jalbum.net
Wilogo is a web site that allows companies to source design with speed and efficiency. Our community of graphic designers offer their
BikerOrNot is a social network for motorcycle enthusiasts.
Hiogi is a community that answers mobile ad hoc questions that are submitted via Twitter SMS, WAP, iPhone, and email.
Manifone provides low-cost International phone calls using local Direct Numbers. They also enable any local or mobile phone to directly
Cyber Technology provides technology, marketing, and sales services for the insurance industry.
Yonja Media Group is an internet media company operating a Turkish language social network and advertising service.
MyChurch.org is a free online tool for churches to outreach and build community by networking their congregation.
K9Poker provides social networking for Poker Players. K9Poker.com started out as a classifieds website in 2004 where poker players could
ScreenScape provides a platform for creating and displaying digital place-based media using the SAS paradigm.
Bone Fish is a free provider of white label dating solutions. The Bone Fish service allows its associates to create fully customizable
OurPlanet looks to be a comprehensive travel guide that states that it will be like TripAdvisor, but better.
Alterian offers an integrated marketing software platform that helps marketers optimize their operations and results.
Infusionsoft provides sales and marketing automation software for small businesses that combines CRM, email marketing and e-commerce.
Twiddict is a tool for Twitter addicts (get it?) to flock to when their beloved micro-messaging tool has something technically wrong.
SproutCore is a framework for building applications in JavaScript with remarkably little amounts of code.
Tapulous is an American developer and publisher of software and video games such as the Tap Tap revenge.
Savvica provides recruiting and marketing services for the higher education industry.
Practice Fusion provides a free, web-based Electronic Health Record (EMR) system and medical practice management technology to physicians.
Dogpile is a search engine providing the most relevant content for users by leveraging metasearch technology.
Birthday Alarm is an online reminder tool that reminds individuals of birthdays, and offers an assortment of e-cards to choose from.
Bertelsmann AG is a transnational media corporation founded in 1835, based in Gütersloh, Germany.
be2 is an online matchmaking site that unites singles who seek fulfilling, longterm relationships.
RocketPlay is a gaming and entertainment company that develops social casino games for social networks and mobile devices.
With 4 million visits per month Deine-Tierwelt.de is Germany's leading pet community. For every species there are specialised groups where
GlobalSCAPE provides secure file transfer software that helps organizations exchange data over the internet with customers and partners.
zanox is a performance-based network offering advertisers and publishers products and services that drive their ROI.
Ziki.com offers a simple and free solution to people and companies to develop an ongoing online presence at the top of the Google search
22Plus Network is a web programming and web design company.
Tribe is a social network that enables users to create their own personal networks with other users.
nimbit offers web-based career management solutions for independent artists and labels.
Collages.net enables professional photographers to offer their clients customized, e-commerce websites, high-end products such as albums
FundraisingIP.com features fundraising ideas, sample letters and how-to articles for planning, marketing and running your fundraising event.
Drawball is a website that has a large circular image onto which visitors can draw using a limited quantity of virtual ink.
The company goal of jobirn.com is to become the free real time platform for recruiters and hiring managers.
ActiveHire offers a full-service job board that currently provides free job posting and free resume posting.
www.tipo.co.il is the largest tweens (8-14) portal in Israel.
Umee.tv lets users discover new video content on the web, watch clips from the popular video sharing sites and share their favorites with
Rotten Tomatoes is a platform aggregating movie reviews from the web, and classifying good and bad reviews.
Metacritic provides reviews on films, music, books and game genres to help consumers make entertainment-related decisions.
Artesian Solutions is a social intelligence platform providing market insights and commercially valuable information to businesses.
iLinc's online meeting software allows users to share visuals like slides, documents, spreadsheets or Web pages.
ClickBank is an online marketplace for digital information products, connecting digital content creators with affiliate marketers.
WhaleMail allows users distribute large files with their browser.
SwapDrive offers an online storage solution allowing users to backup, store and access their data via a centralized platform.
Jobisjob.com is a vertical search engine for Jobs.
Twitpic is a website that allows users to upload and share their photos and videos on Twitter.
Lingro is a dictionary and translation service. The site combines many of the largest free dictionaries available on the web and the Lingro
Attention Span Media, a digital and social media agency, builds and cultivates audiences for brands, publishers, advocacy groups, and more.
TollFreeForwarding.com is an international phone service that provides toll-free virtual phone numbers.
ACCESS provides of software to the mobile and beyond-PC markets. Principal ACCESS technologies include the Garnet OS, one of the first
Ameritocracy is the place to report, rate, and respond to what politicians, the media, and other organizations are saying.
Accertify is a provider of fraud prevention, chargeback management and payment gateway solutions to merchants.
Arcadian Networks designs and delivers wireless broadband communication systems to the energy sector.
Grid Net provides software for the smart grid that facilitates utility customers, technology partners, and other customers.
HealthiNation is an online media company providing health and lifestyle videos made by physicians and health experts.
TOA Technologies provides field service management software for businesses that operate in the field.
Votsu develops online social games.
Vriti Infocom is an education platform that connects content providers with students who look for courses.
mokono is a media company providing a fertile environment for content creators.
10to1 is a web development company with a market focus on small companies and startups. Technically, they specialize in Ruby on Rails.
eBIZ.mobility offers OneTouch Online Purchasing, an online payment processing service.
Uptogo.net, is an on-line platform for creative professionals. Uptogo.net is a revolutionary sharing platform in which creative agencies
Storagepipe provides online storage and data protection solutions. The services help companies and users protect information including
Harte Hanks is an integrated, multichannel marketing services provider that delivers millions of customer interactions every day.
Synthetic Entertainment Inc. is a Kansas corporation working in virtual worlds content, graphic and digital design, and web 2.0 creative
Firefly Energy is a developer of lead-acid battery technologies.
Forticom provides web site development, social networks, and development and support services.
Odnoklassniki is a Russia-based social network service that enables classmates and friends to connect.
Tom's Hardware is an online publication providing articles, news, price comparisons, videos, and reviews on computer hardware and more.
Bestofmedia Group is an online media publishing company providing unbiased reviews, news and price comparisons on tech products.
Table-booking.com is a portal for gastronomy sector that features a restaurant search engine, gastronomy videos and social networking site.
International Liars Poker Association is a skill-based casual game platform offering patent-pending games that utilize numbers and signs.
Socialcast is an enterprise collaboration web app that allows users to track and integrate company data, users and apps in real-time.
Gameloft is an international publisher and developer of digitally-distributed video games specially designed for iOS, Android and Java.
Ziipa offers an online marketplace that enables developers to open shops and sell their virtual goods.
YouBundle allows self appointed and community rated experts to 'bundle' together links on their subject of expertise.
Changents connects Agents of Change with a fan base of Backers around the world, enabling them to create change together.
Scintella Solutions offers web-based software for the optimization of labor resources in environments with variable staffing requirements.
An event platform with powerful scheduling for desktop and mobile. Have your event's website, schedule, and registration forms in one place.
The Linkup allows users to backup and share files online, but with a social networking twist.
GayCities is an online travel community and city guide to gay bars, restaurants, hotels and events in cities across North America.
Zintin is an iPhone app and social network centered around location and shared media. Zintin lets users share pictures on their phone with
TrademarkFly delivers solutions in automatic calendaring and monitoring services for intellectual property portfolios of law firms and more.
Zenoss is a leading provider of unified monitoring and analytics software for physical, virtual, and cloud-based IT infrastructures.
Hyperic provides systems and server monitoring and IT management software for web applications on the cloud or on-premise.
Marvel Entertainment is a character-based entertainment company engaged in licensing, publishing, toy making, and film production.
Corizon is a software company that develops enterprise mashup technology deployed on a large scale to deliver demonstrable ROI.
FriendScout24 is an online dating site for individuals based in Europe.
DDHG is an online resource providing men and women with counseling services for love, sex, dating, relationships and marriage.
It is the oldest established and most respected dating brand in the UK. It was started as an offline dating service when people didn't have
OmniDate is a simulated dating environment where two people go on a virtual date, in a bar or café, from the comfort of their own home.
Ziippi is a data-driven platform allowing brands to manage their product messages across publishing sites and e-commerce platforms.
Cloud-based solutions that deliver crime analysis, predictive policing and citizen engagement capabilities for the public sector.
HomeSphere provides software-as-a-service solutions for the construction industry.
CyberCoders is a recruiting firm locating job positions across all industries, including finance, education, engineering and healthcare.
LBGT Web 2.0 Marketing
Vusion provides full-screen and HD video streaming services.
Perfectmatch.com® (Perfectmatch), a leading online dating and relationship service, is the best approach for adults seeking successful,
DatingDirect.com is the company behind the UK’s best known dating and relationship sites - DatingDirect.com and DatingDirectAffinity.com.
Pervasive Software develops and distributes data management and integration software to harvest data from disparate sources.
YOLLEGE is an exciting student driven college review site that empowers college students across the nation to finally have a voice.
Dreamsoft Technologies develops and deploys software such as FileWire, an implementation of G3 protocol and API.
Packagetrackr is an online tracking tool that allows individuals to track their shipments via a web and mobile app.
Titan Gaming develops free-to-play social and casino games.
Officebook allows users to anonymously express their feelings towards their company and see what others think.
OnlineGroups.Net provides group collaboration spaces that function like a list server and a message board, with file-sharing and chat,
Copenda is a social people search engine enabling users to cross-search social networks to find friends.
Together Dating/The Right One is one of the few bricks and mortar dating companies left since the influx of online dating.
Trustcash offers an alternative online payment system that makes it easy and safe to shop on the Internet.
Mate1.com is an online dating site for people seeking serious relationships, casual dating, and social networking.
MANHUNT is a social networking website operated by Online Buddies that facilitates same-sex male online dating and casual sex.
OnlineBootyCall.com is an online dating community for singles to enjoy casual dating.
eCountryLifestyle is a slightly new concept in social networking. The term coined by the founders to describe this new concept is Virtual
SocialBang is an innovative next generation chat room & social network where users communicate in a real time graphical environment.
Ballz.com was started as an online sports community catering for over 200 sports. Whether you are a sports fan, play for fun or fitness,
Virtualization.com is a resource on virtualization, featuring news, guest posts, interviews, white papers, people, jobs, photos, exclusive
Syntac Ventures is a holding company in Melbourne, Australia that develops web based software for a number of different industries.
Compuware provides enterprise software and IT services for IT portfolio management, application development, and quality assurance.
RSVP is Australia's largest online dating site. It's a great place for singles to meet, whether it's to meet new friends, extend your
Stardoll is a virtual entertainment and social gaming destination for teenagers to express themselves and interact with others.
Wyzli provides online shopping recommendations that become increasingly personalized the more Wyzli gets to know you.
gAuto offers a booking engine and marketplace platform for mobile automotive services.
Gratis Internet, powered by SmartName, brings users targeted search terms designed to enhance the users' online search experience.
Eco-Safe employs the “ECO-SAFE Merit Badge” to provide environment-friendly printing alternatives for their website visitors.
Bandsintown is a free concert discovery app for concert-goers and touring artists. It was acquired by Cellfish/Bandsintown Group in 2011.
A-1 Technology provides custom software solutions in areas such as web application programming, quality assurance, and app development.
Optaros provides technology-based, creative digital commerce solutions that help clients deliver the ultimate omni-channel experience.
White Label Dating offers a platform for brands and individuals to power their own dating sites.
myPartner is a relationship based gay matchmaking service. myPartner and relationship expert Patrick H. Perrine, MA foster each member's
Meetic is a European online dating community that provides users with web and mobile access to the portal.
Blackboard provides enterprise technology and innovative solutions that enhance teaching and learning methods.
iPling develops and markets mobile applications and other communications services that leverage the ubiquity of SMS messaging.
Zhenai.com is a provider of integrated internet and telephone matchmaking services to Chinese-speaking single men and women.
PalBee is an online video conference service. The service supports for up to ten conference participants to speak together in real time and
thebuyersNET.com offers four different methods of buying products. You can buy consumer electronics, appliances, computers, laptops or even
Projity is SaaS-based software providing project management solutions and an open source desktop alternative to Microsoft Project.
Blooloop (www.blooloop.com) is a business to business website dedicated to the visitor attractions business.
Mapufacture provides web-based tools to combine, visualize, share, and create digital maps for use wherever you are.
NetSpend provides reloadable prepaid debit cards and related financial services to underbanked consumers in the U.S.
Baihe.com is an online dating service provider in China that originated from Heiyou.com, a social networking site.
Webdate is an online dating site that allows users to chat with singles and make contacts.
Mobile Dead is a zombie themed location-based game for mobile phones. The game uses mapping to show where you are in proximity to the
Engage. Everywhere. We help you connect with communities, reach audiences and do business using SMS, both on and offline.
Glancing Pad is designed for text input just like any keyboard, except that it is operated with one hand.
RootZoo is an interactive sports community for fans to discuss the sports world with others through threads, articles, polls and groups.
Supernova Group hosts the annual Supernova conference. The conference aims to connect CEOs and bloggers, entrepreneurs and academics,
MobileLab is a hub for mobile phone research and innovation at the University of Texas at Dallas.
Cyhyite is a site for Facebook and MySpace application development.
H & H Technologies is a full service CNC Machine Shop that utilizes some of the most accurate andefficient CNC machining capabilities.
Core Security Technologies provides predictive security intelligence solutions and more for enterprises and government organizations.
LabPixies develops personalized web gadgets, including entertainment gadgets such as games and music, and utilities such as search tools.
BootB is the World's Best Creative Department, bringing to life innovative ideas for business growth.
Nationally active. A full service communications agency with blue-chip, strategic experience at a global level. A lean team too, which
Lavalife offers a suite of branded voice, web and mobile products and services to open-minded and socially active singles.
BharatMatrimony is an online marriage service that provides its clients with matchmaking services.
PARSHIP.co.uk is the UK's first compatibility-based online dating service, specifically for people who are serious about forming a lasting
Anastasia Date is an online dating service that connects users with compatible women from around the world.
Nudge Social Media is a London-based agency creating engaging applications for brands on Facebook.
Intacct provides web- or cloud-based financial management and accounting applications for businesses and CPA firms.
Vivaty allows users to create all aspects of an X3D world with a web-based graphical user interface.
Bookhuddle is a social-networking and book reference site created to help you discover, organize, and share book information.
Tradinguponline.com is an online social community that allows its users to trade up (swap) things things that they have no use for anymore
SexSearch features adult content such as adult movies, live sex shows and games.
FriendFinder is an online relationship network enabling members to meet like-minded people in a fun enviornment.
True is an online dating service that was founded in 2003 by entrepreneur Herb Vest. Its original name was TrueBeginnings.com, but the
Cupid offers a network of online dating sites that enable members to find their perfect match.
Click2Asia is the leader for Asian dating both online and offline. We strive to create matches and success stories online through our
Idealbite.com provides healthy living tips on diet, exercise, supplements, emotional health and optimal wellness.
Quaero is an interactive media and entertainment company providing marketing and customer engagement agency services.
Unicast is an unquestioned leader in custom rich media solutions for publishers. Our technologies, products and services have been
SoundCloud is the world’s leading audio platform, where anyone can share and discover unique music & audio, on the web and on mobile.
Solve360 is most readily described as CRM meets Project Management. It serves up a nice, intuitive and quick workspace tailored to work out
QuickBase is an online database software that enables users to create web databases and collect, manage and share information.
Noofangle Media, Inc. is an internet content media company specializing in the provision of substantive content to television and radio
Hippopost allows users to create and send free personalized postcards to friends and family.
Dixero International offers media strategy, technology, UX Design, programming, content licensing, and media curation services.
Aurora Biofuels, now Aurora Algae, produces premium, algae-based products for the pharmaceutical, nutrition, aquaculture and fuels markets.
TeamStreamz offers a next generation "intelligent push" platform for subscriber-based websites.
A simple service which allows you to catalog your movies & then share with friends. WhatYah! allows you to catalog your movies, games & TV
Acronis offers technically advanced storage management solutions for mission-critical applications.
Exinda provides WAN optimization and network control products and services to mid-sized enterprises and institutions.
Barracuda Networks designs, develops, manufactures, distributes, and sells email and web security appliances.
Astaro develops network, web and email security software and appliances.
@stake, Inc. was a computer security professional services company in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. It was founded in 1999 by
eEye Digital Security is a developer of endpoint security and vulnerability management software solutions.
Lattiss offers free online appointment scheduling for small businesses. Small business owners can easily promote their services, accept
Sims Carnival offers a number of free flash based games. Users can create their own and swap them with friends.
Dassault Systemes provides project lifecycle management solutions that enable businesses to create and share experiences in 3D.
Parametric Technology Corporation develops, markets and supports product lifecycle management software solutions and associated services.
Parametric Technology Corporation develops, markets and supports product lifecycle management software solutions and associated services.
Fighters is a web platform and community for martial arts.
Free classified Ads allows you to buy and sell pets, computers, real estate, used cars, and general merchandise online.
HBO is a television company that offers two 24-hour premium TV services, HBO and Cinemax.
twshot is a service that shortens your url's for twitter.
Courtland Brooks is a boutique consultancy which exclusively serves Internet Dating services, and companies that want to talk to them.
MobME provides value added services for mobile phone users, and carrier grade solutions for network operators.
Bambuser is a live video streaming service that allows users to capture, share and watch video broadcasts from mobile phones or computers.
Acteva is an event registration service provider for event organizers that automates the event registration process.
Zoomorama allows users to create their own online magazines, called Zoomazines™, by pasting images, texts, and videos.
AllBusiness.com provides articles, business forms, advice, business news, and directory listings for professionals and businesses.
Waste Management is a provider of waste and environmental services in North America.
GL Stock Images is a marketplace for royalty-free stock photos and vector illustrations.
NeighborCity is a website providing real estate agent introductions for home buyers and sellers.
MakeFive is a website that allows people to connect through top-five lists. In it users can start topics of any nature and then share their
MovieSet is a web portal that provides movie fans with behind-the-scenes access.
Provides web development for large businesses. Includes company information and services provided, plus a careers section and contact
Digital Insight provides outsourced online financial management solutions for the U.S. mid-market banks and credit unions.
Brand Thunder enables customization within the web browser for brands to create a more persistent presence with their internet consumers.
Trusera is an online health network for users to find and share health-related experiences.
Markup Factory aims to allow web designers and content managers to build and maintain websites more effectively.
InkHead Promotional Products named 2nd fastest growing promotional items distributor. Offering custom corporate gifts such as personalized
Flex2go is a Web Application Builder that allows you to design, build and deploy custom web applications.
iMediaBlitz is a leading affiliate for a large number of portals like Amazon, Walmart, Buy.com.
Bankaholic is a financial portal provides consumers with interest rates, credit card reviews, insurance quotes, and personal finance tips.
GET Holding NV develops a worldwide information and trading platform for fresh industries to obtain direct contact between buyer and seller.
Geome enables users to leave a digital Post-it note from mobile phones in a specific location addressing another individual or a community.
Panda Security, a cloud security company, provides antivirus, anti-spyware, firewall and backup solutions for home users and enterprises.
Education Systems, Inc. (ESI) provides customizable, solution-oriented, higher education enrollment management software and best practices
Wigadoo is a co-ordinated purchasing platform for leisure and travel services. Wigadoo targets the pain of organising a group of friends
ShoeMoney Media Group, Inc. develops and markets Web hosting products and security services for businesses and home-office entrepreneurs,
Cupid's Lab is an online social network focused on building a trusted and fun environment for online dating.
AskMeNow provides mobile search and advertising solutions that can be accessed by SMS or the mobile web.
Originally a luggage retailer , Louis Vuitton has expanded into the world of luxury handbags, and apparel.
Channel Intelligence develops technology that connects shoppers with retailers through their brand website and digital media.
Fortress Data Vaulting specializes in business continuity services. We identify unforeseen risks and provide solutions that secure and
TechInsights is a technology company that offers intellectual property consulting, patent brokerage services, and technical analysis.
OPENLANE is an online auction company in North America for automotive dealers to buy and sell wholesale vehicles.
CollegeNET, Inc. provides web-based on-demand technologies to help colleges, universities, and non-profits save money, improve operational
Intersoft, Inc., an international corporation, that was founded in 1985. With corporate headquarters in Lake Oswego, a southwest
Loud3r is a scalable content aggregation platform that finds, filters and publishes the best news, blogs, photos and videos.
InsideView provides a suite of software solutions for sales and marketing leaders, delivering critical intelligence directly into CRM.
Vigster is global community of video game lovers offering a core social matching functionality for members to connect with one another.
Sira Group is engaged in the production of extruded aluminum and electric radiators for the mechanical and automotive industries.
Fashionspace is a place to buy, sell and swap independently designed, vintage and 2nd hand fashion.
Profilactic is similar to FriendFeed, it is a life streaming service as well as a social aggregator.
ZapTXT lets you monitor critical, time sensitive information that you can't afford to miss from sources you trust.
Quizilla allows users to create their own quizzes, poems, and stories and share them with others.
FlashBase, Inc. is an online advertising and marketing firm that develop and provide automated sweepstakes to attract and retain
Lolz LLC is a full service digital creative agency, creating interactive, viral, and rich media experiences.
Advantia is a professional communication software company located in Victoria, Canada. Specializing in computer telephony and Voice over IP
Uniblue Systems Ltd, a leading software vendor, delivering innovative system utilities to improve your computer's performance.
GrowVotes.org is a user-generated social network that allows you to get to know the candidates running in your local elections.
Jogli is a music search engine that allows users to discover and stream music from an extensive song database.
Unos Development Ltd (UDL) is a subsidiary company of FSBM Holdings Bhd. UDL develops and offers a wide range of solutions that meet the
TargetSpot is an internet radio advertising network that uses premium inventory, precision targeting, and various advertising formats.
Sonibyte provides podcast production and administration services. It allows publishers to create podcasts through a web-based interface by
Share what went wrong with your trip for everyone else to see, learn, and avoid. Your Travel Nogo reviews and your advise will improve
MyTrainer.com is a video and social network website that creates relationships and community between trainers and fitness, health and
NewsOrViews is a journalism software platform which represents the next step in the evolution of journalism.
CityTrex specializes in digital content capture, creation, publishing, and distribution. Their primary products are iTours, which are
Lat49 is a location-focused advertising platform for online publishers and advertisers.
Provider of web solutions focused on generating revenue through multiple streams of income across various market sectors.
LinQpay provides mobile phone and global payment services in North America, Asia, Europe and Africa.
Clickability is an on-demand web content management solution that combines SaaS and IaaS-based support to complete content lifecycle.
Videology, an online video advertising platform, enables advertisers, agencies and publishers to connect brands with targeted audiences.
Casada Technologies is the sales representative of WinMate Communication of Taiwan in Bangladesh.
Division 1 Movers is the premier moving and storage company for college students. They are the ideal solution for students looking to move
WideOrbit provides advertising management software for major media companies.
Celsias helps individuals, companies and organizations combat climate change through practical solutions.
ICANN (pronounced eye-can) is the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers. It's a non-profit corporation that was created in
fundfindr provides a Web 2.0 community and services platform for entrepreneurs and investors to learn, pitch, fund, and collaborate.
DriftToIt is a website discovery engine offering services for users to specify categories and view corresponding websites.
Dojo Learning is a web-based system that allows users to create and sell online lessons.
Awesome Highlighter is a tool for highlighting text on web pages, enabling users to save and share them with other users.
Bevy is a social merchandising service that enables women to discuss and discover fashion with similar users.
ZipLocal provides online local search services in Canada connecting buyers and local businesses.
LoudClick provides strategic services to maximize the effectiveness of website networks.
B2Bpitch.com is a service that helps businesses realize their needs before they are aware of them.
AdOn Network is an online pay-per-click advertising company providing innovative advertising solutions for advertisers and publishers.
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (MSLO) is a leading provider of original "how-to" information, inspiring and engaging consumers.
Affinity is a mobile solutions company that provides banking services to underbanked individuals.
Brand New Media is an Australian independent media services company. They specialize in creating and delivering commercially grounded
iBazar is an online classifieds site for products and services in Mexico.
Swaptree is a website that allows users to trade books, CDs, DVDs and video games with other users for free.
SaySwap is a peer-to-peer video game trading marketplace that allows users to trade video games via a proprietary matchmaking system.
Roll a Name is a social networking site that is focused on self promotion. It allows people to promote their web properties, videos,
ADX Technologies offers computer services ranging from network configuration to network security and maintenance for businesses.
Tikatok is an online community enabling children to write, illustrate and publish their own stories into real books.
SpikeSource is an open source software certification company providing ISVs with resources that ensure interoperability and performance.
BitRock provides tools and services for packaging, deploying and updating software.
Eftia OSS Solutions, Inc. provides operations support systems software to the telecommunications industry. It offers provisioning
Braithwaite Technology Consultants is a company that deals with obtaining tax credits for research and development activities.
Braithwaite Tax Recovery Consultants Limited (BTRCL) can assist you in obtaining tax credits for research and development activities.
Locally owned and operated For Sale by Owner real estate web-site focused exclusively on the Washington D.C.
Blueprint Software Systems provides requirement management solutions for enterprise application development.
FunMobility enables clients to create and publish rich, deeply engaging mobile ad experiences to a targeted mobile audience.
Idea Shower is designed to serve as a launchpad of new ideas for the web.
Sport Interactiva creates fantasy sports games for soccer and football on social networks such as Facebook and Bebo.
BuiltWith is a website profiling, lead generation, competitive analysis and BI tool providing technology adoption and usage analytics.
Faulkner Technologies is an emerging provider of enterprise-level Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions.
MyTickets has information on all events, large and small, mainstream and alternate, updated constantly.
Are You Watching This?! provides alerts about sport events to sport lovers.
CrestaTech designs, develops and manufactures silicon tuner chips in the United States.
Ninua develops social media applications such as Symphony Tools, which helps businesses in managing their social media presence.
Guruji.com is a crawler-based search engine designed to make web content searching simple for the users based in India.
ORELIA designs and sells innovative Machine Listening and Audio Analytics systems. ORELIA holds an audio analysis technology that ables
YOBI.tv combines user-generated videos and reality television in a contest forum. People don't have to wait for the opportunity to get
Check Point Software Technologies provides network and IT security software and hardware.
Textic provides text-to-speech services to automatically convert typed words on websites into audible speech.
MyMart is a mobile commerce company. You can buy and sell stuff on your phone with MyMart. The service allows you to snap a photo of
ABN AMRO is an all-round bank serving retail, private and commercial banking clients.
ITN is a European software company developing insurance software solutions and components.
Kagtum is a news aggregation site that utilizes wiki content around events, relevancy matching to audience, collaborative intelligence.
Vagueware is an IT and Web Application consultancy service provider.
Hoteliers.com is a one-stop e-commerce shop for hotels helping individual hotels to generate more direct business
Vaybee is the leading Turkish online social network and a youth lifestyle portal. Launched in late 2000, Vaybee has acquired over 1 million
Q-go offers SaaS-based online and mobile customer service solutions for financial services, airlines and telecommunications industries.
Razoo is a website enabling people to donate, raise funds, and collaborate for a good cause.
NameMedia is a domain monetization platform for advertisers to buy and sell digital space and reach targeted online audiences.
CheckinsSooner.com offers advance check in services on US airlines for people who want to check in online, but don't want the hassle of
Xerox is a document management technology and services enterprise, producing printing and publishing systems, copiers and fax machines.
Remember The Milk is a task and time management application for Android devices.
Vitalist provides productivity software to individuals and companies. Currently, their hosted software helps users embrace the Getting
EventElephant offers an online event registration software solution that allows users to sell their tickets online.
RIM Systems, maker of SnapLeague, is a sports league web site management system. RIM Systems focuses on providing solutions for recreation
Quotes Daddy is a web service that allows you to add and and share your favorite quotes, as well as create your own.
SensorWave’s web service, Virtual Patrol, monitors activity and assets at client properties to detect and deter unwanted events or behavior.
Dow Jones & Co. is a news and business information provider that delivers content to consumers and organizations via newspapers and more.
BountyJobs is an online recruitment marketplace where employers engage headhunters to help them fill job posts via a web-based app.
The GSA Technology Council is a relentless advocate for technology and entrepreneurship in Upstate South Carolina.
Addesso provides web site and application design and development services to a wide range of companies.
Keibi Technologies provides moderation and classification solutions for user-generated content.
Clutterme lets users create webpages and edit content on their existing webpages. As of October 2008, users will be able to purchase a
Urban Dictionary is a web platform offering an online dictionary for users to search slang terms and get user-submitted definitions.
Tubu Internet Solutions (LLC) is a hometown kind of a web hosting a domain registration company.
PhindMe® offers a web-based software platform that connects consumers with businesses through cell phones and other mobile devices.
Atomkeep solves the problem of information redundancy. They keep your accounts in sync on all social networks, job boards and other sites.
BayPoint Benefits provides benefit and human resource solutions customized for mid-sized and large clients.
Infinimedia helps corporations take their businesses online. Specializing in web app development for logistics and startups.
Nxtbook Media brings new media solutions to publishers, marketers, and clients in every industry vertical.
Spatial North is a development and consulting agency, specializing in digital mapping and the collaborative web.
Samba Tech is an online platform that develops videos to help companies better communicate with their audience.
Alereon is a fabless semiconductor company developing Ultrawideband wireless chipsets for wireless USB and Bluetooth apps.
AdParlor is a part of Adknowledge that handles Facebook and social advertising campaigns and real-time bid optimization processes.
Centrif is a combination between a bookmarking tool and a reference site. It offers a bookmarklet and firefox plugin that lets people tag
Feedity is a web-based service that generates RSS web feeds for web pages without a web syndication format.
Red Karaoke is an online platform that enables users to sing and record their karaoke sessions via the web or smartphones.
Fahoo is a family friendly search engine that filters out material that would be offensive to children.
iRobot is an American technology company designing and building behavior-based AI robots.
iRobot is an American technology company designing and building behavior-based AI robots.
RoboDynamics produces telepresence robots that enable remote participation by deploying a mobile robot as an avatar.
eHow is a mobile application allowing users to search and view articles and videos from any location.
K12portal makes web software for district and school facilitation. The core product empowers stakeholders such as students, parents and
Ensign Technologies LLC is a technology consulting and services company. Ensign Tech works with small businesses and startups from one
VICE is a global youth media company and content creation studio. Launched in 1994 as a punk magazine, VICE now has bureaus in over 30 count
Clark & Parsia licenses Semantic Web infrastructure technology, including OWL reasoners, for use in advanced apps.
EzineArticles.com is an online content publishing platform with article submission and analytics tools.
Imagekind is a commercial website that prints and sells images created by participating artists on-demand.
Usabilla develops web-based tools that help marketers and designers to build better websites and improve the user experience.
A news site that aggregates news from 3000 sources and distributes it again while also including citizen journalism.
Easyflirt is a online dating and chat site. The site offers a full set of easy to use dating features and an environment where it's easy to
CheekyFlirt is a UK online dating site that offers free photo uploads, rate users, exchange messages, and even virtual gifts.
Nulaz delivers location based social networking services. With Nulaz you can see where your friends are, share locations, and view local
Aloqa is a mobile application that notifies users about places, services, events, and people close to their neighborhood.
Symbian foundation is a software licensing company that creates and licenses open operating systems for mobile phones.
Bilende is a strategic design consultancy studio based in Istanbul.
Euclid Infotech Pvt Ltd. is software based company that focuses on highly qualitative, timely delivered and cost-effective offshore
Roottori provides a one-stop shop for mobile marketers, where highly targeted mobile campaigns can be created, managed and followed up.
OkCupid is an online dating website that uses quizzes and multiple-choice questions to find a match for the user.
SkillWho.com is a free professional and social networking website that enables people to share and find skills and talents from friends,
100% Content Management System Sites Also projects like Feedky.com or Chooii.com
Rui Peixeiro is a web design company.
Keegy is a personalized and geo-localized portal that automatically extracts information from different blog and news sources.
NextAdvisor.com provides independent reviews of consumer services. The company's mission is to help consumers save money and improve their
eBaum's World is a entertainment website dubbed Media for the Masses. It showcases videos, pictures, as well as prank calls.
FlyCast is a social radio that enhances user's listening experience by connecting them to others in real time.
The company is a site that offers up-to-date content for ezine publishers and functions as a source for writers.
IPC Media is a consumer magazine publisher. IPC acquired online gaming site Mousebreaker in June of 2008.
One of the premier shared/VPS/dedicated hosting solutions for websites, domain names, email, eCommerce, SEO marketing, & more.
Hostmonster is a U.S.-based web site that offers hosting solutions for businesses and individuals.
World Wide Web Hosting operates web hosting brands around the world, building and managing websites via a custom-built SAAS control panel.
Yovia provides services that allow people to earn from who they know and what they know.
Hoodeo is a service that matches people with neighborhoods. Instead of searching for a home and ending up in a neighborhood, hoodeo allows
Fandango is a web platform that operates as a movie ticketing destination and a source for movie trailers and movie-related content.
LicenseStream delivers web services allowing owners of digital content to license, transact, and monitor all forms of electronic media.
PodOmatic, a podcast hosting website, provides tools that enable users to create and find audio and video podcasts.
TenantWIZ develops vacation rental and property management software designed to help individuals or companies manage their properties.
Greenfield online is a community that enables consumers to express their ideas regarding products and services by participating in surveys.
FusionOne, a software firm, offers synchronization products and solutions for mobile subscribers, content providers and handset developers.
FileMaker delivers innovative software to easily create custom business solutions for the iPad, iPhone, Windows, Mac and the web.
Solarflare Communications develops application-intelligent 10GbE server networking software and hardware solutions.
SocialBrowse is a Firefox extension for sharing links. It has been described as a Twitter for links.
rPath provided an automation platform for application deployment and maintenance across physical, virtual and cloud environments.
Twellow is a people search tool for the micro-blogging service Twitter. The service grabs publicly available messages from Twitter.com and
Native Broadcast Inc, is a software & media content development company based in US Maryland.
Snap Up Real Estate is a free, online property listing service. The www.SnapUpRealEstate.com website may be used by private sellers,
Applied Operations is a company that consults for companies that need solid architecture and expandability.
MarkLogic is a software business that makes a NoSQL database, a platform for handling big data applications.
Venkat Mangudi Consulting is a Strategy Consulting company based in Bangalore, India focusing on Small and Medium Enterprises.
Etrel provides mobile text (SMS) question and answer service for Slovenian residents. The service is known by the name Vedolina. The mobile
Deutsche Telekom Labs is a strategic research and innovation center in the telecommunications and information technology industry.
Compendium is a content marketing platform that helps organizations amplify conversations, and build authentic relationships with content.
Infegy offers cloud-based social media analytics and sentiment analysis platforms to transform consumer dialog into powerful insights.
Tangível provides usability services - support, guidance, and interface design for web, PC and mobile applications.
Gammoth was one of the largest independent providers of cell phone and computer accessories in the country.
Unspace is a consulting and development team based in Toronto, Canada. They build sophisticated web and mobile applications for clients
1time is a web-based time and expense tracking application that allows you to keep track of real time project costs.
Needish is a marketplace for services integrated as a social network that enables people to find solutions to their needs.
Kindersay is an online learning platform for young children. Kindersay has entered the deadpool as of June 2008. UPDATE 2009 -
Ximdesk is a social platform, designed specifically for group creation, knowledge sharing, collaboration and innovation.
Pijoo is a blog directory, a social network, and a social voting site all rolled into one. By adding your blog to Pijoo, you can get more
Swurl aggregates online activity to deliver a Tumblr like experience with a unique timeline view as well.
LinkSpank is a content sharing site similar to Digg and Reddit. If you find a website that you enjoy, you can spank it and share it with
Union Street Media develops database-driven web sites focused on visual appeal, usability, and search engine prominence.
The only business analytics software that lets you easily prepare, analyze and visualize complex datasets using one Single-Stack solution.
Wallowr is an application that aggregates activites from your social sites, similar to FriendFeed.
Computing Technology Industry Association focuses on advancing the growth of the information technology industry.
Consumer Electronics Association supports the consumer technology industry via market research, education and public policy representation.
Break Media is a digital media company involved in the creation and distribution of male targeted content.
Beatyouthere is a free online real estate search engine and social networking platform.
KelBillet enables European travellers to find cheap ticket options for their domestic and short-haul trips.
Manticore Technology is a marketing automation provider enabling companies to manage their marketing funnel and deliver leads to sales.
Appian is the market leader in BPM software, delivering an application platform that unites users across data, process and collaboration.
Moss offers a public cloud platform that supports its users' websites, applications, file storage and backup.
AblePlay provides independent ratings and reviews of toys for children with special needs.
BridgeWave Communications provides outdoor gigabit wireless connectivity solutions for enterprise and service provider networks.
RightScale enables organizations to easily deploy and manage business-critical applications across public, private and hybrid clouds.
EssayEdge is an online-based editing service provider. EssayEdge services include editing for sample personal statements, admissions
Texterity offers technologies that convert print publications into digital formats accessible for web, syndication and other purposes.
Formerly known as Phoenix Textiles Group, Fabric.com is a wholesale distributor of apparel fabrics.
Audible is an internet provider of spoken audio entertainment, information and educational programming.
Photobucket is an image and video hosting website allowing users to upload, edit and share photos.
Blue Sky Technologies is a software company that specializes in supply chain management and execution applications.
My Damn Channel is an entertainment studio and new media platform allowing artists to co-produce, distribute and monetize video content.
Jedox provides self-service business intelligence and performance management solutions.
SiteWebBuilder.com provides solutions to start a new website and ecommerce site.
Uprizer offers distributed networking applications for internet and enterprise users.
Tatango allows users to create and manage their own text messaging campaigns.
Money-Rates.com finds the highest rates on bank savings accounts, money market accounts, checking accounts, and certificates of deposits.
Cleartrip is an online travel platform where travelers can search for and book flights to any destination.
Seagate designs and manufactures external and internal hard disk drives and associated software products.
Instinctiv is a music management and discovery app that syncs a user’s entire music library to any desktop computer or mobile phone.
Mendix is an app platform that enables companies to build, integrate and deploy web and mobile applications.
UseGIS is a consultancy specializing in Geographical Information Systems (GIS) and mapping services.
Imposant is a software development company. Working in the field of software development, Imposant focuses on delivering security and
Mezmeriz offers a MEMS module which can be embedded into mobile devices for gesture UI, 3D depth photography, and interactive projection.
Troux Technologies provides strategic information technology planning and control software for enterprises and government agencies.
FastEdition is an online magazine providing interesting stories that you can use to relax in your free time.
Fortisphere provides policy-based virtualization management software for virtualized environments.
JLOOP is a full-service, rich media development firm based in Long Beach, Calif. that leverages the Internet as a platform for business
Organic is a digital marketing agency that offers banner ads and hosts the Apache server mailing list.
ShopStyle is a social shopping website offering accessories, clothing, swimwear, bags, shoes and beauty products.
Adecco offers Human Resources services and a range of staffing and career resources to clients and associates.
Express Employment Professionals is a human resource consulting firm established to help meet the needs of both employers and employees.
BuildingSearch.com is a real estate search engine and community for tenants, brokers, owners, and vendors.
Drimki is a French online real estate technology company. Drimki's founding team comes from Yahoo and Kelkoo.
Zoopy is a South African-based online and mobile social media community where users upload and share videos, photos and audio.
FireID is a technology incubator focused on the development and commercialization of disruptive technologies for a range of industries.
Encoding.com provides cloud media transcoding software to accelerate processing and optimize display on any device.
MobiComp develops software that enables users to back-up, share and discover content on mobile phones.
Photo Rating and Online Dating at RateMeDateMe.org. Find singles, personal ads with photos, chat online and get offline dates with other
InsideDesi is a website catering to South Asians in the UK and the US. It hopes to become a key outlet for news and views relevant to the
Ounce Labs delivers source code vulnerability analysis solutions to eliminate business risk caused by software security vulnerabilities.
Cyloop is an online social community that allows users to stream and share music and video files.
Interactive Networks is a SaaS-based platform that focuses on developing advanced instant messaging solutions.
Zigabid is an online ticketing site that allows buyers and sellers to negotiate ticket prices for sports, theatre, or concert tickets.
Crazy Egg allows website owners to create tests to figure out what users are doing on their site.
InThrMa provides a hosted analytics platform for Proliphix internet-enabled thermostats.
Nortel Networks Corporation provides networking services to companies worldwide, ranging from designing the solutions to installing them.
Jobitorial offers a platform for former and current employees to anonymously post reviews about their company.
Format Dynamics develops optimized web page printing and onscreen advertisements into new revenue opportunities.
nrme is an iPhone location-based social network which will be launching in Summer '08. Using nrme, users send messages such as the line as
Blipsocial is your location aware mobile portal. It brings location relevant content to your mobile experience, with or without the need
Complete event management planning software solutions and custom development services. Solutions for exhibitions, conferences, trainings
DailyCaption takes Flickr photos out of context through caption contests. Building on the success of sites like
TinyPaste allows users to link to a body of text using a shortened URL that works with services like Twitter.
24Access is leading provider of 24X7 live mobile streaming and sharing of entertainment media.
Videostrip specializes transcoding video commercials into expendable video banners. The company now runs a network of video sites serving
Xite is an interactive music platform broadcasted through digital television, mobile (DVB-H) and Internet.
Myngle is a fully integrated and global language learning school that delivers professional one-on-one language tutoring over the web.
LivePerson provides real-time intelligent customer engagement solutions that help companies enhance the relationship with their customers.
SiteHeart is an application that helps online shop owners liaise with customers and manage financial activities such as online payments.
Yuntaa is an online desktop application that allows users to store and share their digital media from a central location.
At JumpForward, our mission is to help our client universities meet the goals of their strategic plan by providing best-in-class technology.
Pelican Crossing is a leading provider of software for creating and viewing Web based virtual worlds and 3D environments.
shortText is a simple tool to post text online. No sign ups, no sign in, just instant web presence for your information. Free urls will
Software house company.
Popkomm an international platform for the music and entertainment industry. Popkomm distinguishes itself with an integrated concept: it is
Trilulilu is the largest online community in Romania where visitors can watch and help with video, music and images.
Neocleus develops a hypervisor that improves the endpoint security and allows IT vendors to manage virtual desktop interactions.
Virgin Mobile USA is a provider of prepaid wireless voice, messaging, and mobile broadband services.
Goosca stands for Gifts Online Ordering System for Confidential Addresses. It allows you to send real gifts to real addresses without
YouCanBook.me is a cloud-based service which allows your customers to make bookings direct into your Calendar
Life changes. Gimigo keeps it current.
Planet Green is a 24-hour eco-lifestyle television network with a robust online presence and community.
Scout.com is an integrated sports publishing company consisting of two separate divisions that work closely together to deliver a unique
thePlatform is an online video management platform that manages, monetizes and syndicates video views for media companies.
noca is an online payment system offering reduced transaction processing rates and a way for merchants to accept payments.
CashEdge provides Intelligent money movement services enabling financial institutions to enhance customer profitability.
Didit provides full-service online advertising and marketing services and solutions.
AgingCare.com provides support, resources and expert advice for people caring for their elderly parents.
Lehigh Technologies is a specialty materials company that manufactures high-performance, lower cost, sustainable micronized rubber powders.
Whoisi provides rich site summary solutions that help users track others’ online activities.
PROMT is a world leading provider of automated translation software. PROMT offers translation solutions for the home and business usage as
adicate timeads is an online system that increases advertising revenue for website owners by delivering time-based advertising on the web.
Avature is a highly flexible enterprise SaaS platform for Global Talent Acquisition and Talent Management, provider of CRM for recruiting.
Gay Ad Network is a gay ad network offering advertising and media services for brand marketers targeting the gay and lesbian markets.
Catalyst provides user interface and application design. Catalyst has chosen to specialize in the unique UI demands of four markets:
Digital Ventures produces customized solutions to unique business objectives.
MyBooo solves the problem of digital data spreading for people who work on several devices like laptop, office PC, mini-PC or smartphone.
Dayak is a recruiting marketplace connecting employers with a network of recruiters in order to fill jobs faster and more efficiently.
A Creative Innovation Agency | A world viewed through the lens of innovation, is a world where anything is possible.
Alpha Media, Inc. specializes in developing software designed to give businesses and individuals the ability to easily communicate,
TournEase provides a web-based suite offered as a free service to plan and execute golf events.
Ace Ticket is a reseller of sports, concert, and theater tickets.
This company is building a social media marketing platform which allows marketing to manage and measure social media campaigns.
e-contratos is an online platform that allows individuals to negotiate and sign contracts.
BlueTech is an innovative technology company with flagship products BlueVolt and FieldRanger.
ConceptShare streamlines the review and approval phase of creative production. We integrate online proofing with workflow automation.
Arsenal Interactive, Inc. is a social utility company offering various forms of Robo-Calls via its service HeyCosmo(sm). Deliver your
Pudgin.com was designed to enable buyers and sellers to influence each others' offers. With the site's reverse auction feature, sellers can
Posterous is a platform for making blogging simple.
NewQuest is a two year old company. They work on different software which all aim at furnishing online web marketing tools. Their tools
International Data Group provides market intelligence, advisory services, and events services.
Cerner Corporation is a supplier of healthcare information technology solutions, services, devices and hardware.
BlueWare is an International Strategic Healthware Solutions corporation located in Cadillac, Michigan.
shopmycloset is a shop-blog. It is composed of a group of forward-thinking young women dedicated to fringe-defining fashion. They developed
Web 2.0 Marketing
Modiv Mobile provides mobile shopper marketing solutions for various brands and retailers.
Aylus Networks provides multimedia sharing solutions for mobile networks.
Solaiemes, a technology startup focused on mobility, creates technology to improve the mobile user experience.
CleVR provides a suite of online tools for creating and sharing panoramic photos. The CleVR Stitcher is a free Adobe AIR application that
CareerTours is the largest aggregator of career videos. We enable companies to showcase what it is like to work there or in a specific
DSNR Media Group is an advertising network that offers cross-platform aggregation and optimization solutions for digital devices.
Mamaherb.com is a Web 2.0 resource and community focused on natural health. The site (which is the world's largest free resource for
SightSpeed provides consumer VoIP software that supports peer-to-peer internet video and voice calls.
Bitground specializes in providing consulting and outsourcing services, as well as custom software solutions.
Buybak offers Consumer to Business eCommerce Services to retailers and online sellers. BuyBak offers retailers and online sellers websites
Creative Enclave is a games development company based in Sydney, Australia. It was founded by Phil Wallach and Garth Nix. The first game to
Babble Soft offers web and mobile solutions to help new parents communicate about childcare.
Wacanai.com is a website to give auto-generated suggestions about How can you use the things you have.
akasdoctor.com is an online shopping mall for medical products/medical books. They sell all types of surgical/disposable/medical
Nuebbo is a new digital and virtual business card holder for the Internet. Nuebbo provides you with all of the benefits for which business
Moneyspyder develops and hosts state-of-the-art e-commerce solutions for web analytics, split-testing, and regular site enhancements.
ATUNN is the acronym of All That U Need Now. And in spanish is also means tune, from which the logo derives. ATUNN is an Internet System
Partnerbyte is a software platform providing transaction management services to various institutions.
Cheers Interactive is a specialist research and analytics company providing patent services in many fields.
plista provides innovative solutions for targeted digital advertising.
Affinegy is a global provider of connected device management and service enablement software for domestic usage and small businesses.
LifePics offers online imaging solutions such as customized websites for photo retailers, grocery chains and photographers.
Funtactix is an online game development studio specializing in social and mobile games based on major motion pictures.
Expensure is a free, secure, online tool that helps flatmates and travelmates track, manage and resolve their shared bills and expenses.
Sonya Labs is a web-based platform offering comprehensive online legal research solutions.
Red Hat is a multinational software company engaged in providing open-source software products to the enterprise community.
Spendji is an online finance management platform to plan and manage expenditure on activities, events, and projects.
Mediastay is an online direct marketing company providing display advertising, lead generation, co-reg and email marketing.
JiggyMe is a website focused on technology videos.
Avid specializes in digital media creation tools for film, video, audio, animation, games, and broadcast professionals.
Raytheon is a defense contractor and corporation with manufacturing concentrations in weapons, military, and commercial electronics.
Pluribo employs artificial intelligence technologies that scan user reviews and summarizes them down into a single paragraph.
Rhapsody is a music subscription service that offers videos, playlists, reviews and radio stations.
Astley Clarke is a luxury fashion jewelry site targeting at wealthy consumers.
Mashware is an independent website design and development organization that creates mashups, blogs, and small hand-crafted websites.
Applied Semantics develops software apps for the online advertising, domain name, and enterprise information management markets.
GeniusLabs, Inc. is a leading developer of distributed applications and custom software using Microsoft technologies.
Where2 is a GPS navigation service that notifies drivers of upcoming traffic, tie-ups, and automatically suggests alternate routes.
Urchin Software analyzes web server log file content to generate traffic reports based on the log data.
Akwan Information Technologies was a search engine company based in Brazil. It was acquired by Google on July 20, 2005, and is now a part
ZipcodeZ is one of the leading online local business directories. It serves as a resource to visitors daily who are looking for local
PeakStream provides a software application platform for the high-performance computing market.
Greasemonkey is a Firefox extension that allows users to install scripts that make on-the-fly changes to most HTML-based web pages.
Zingku is a mobile social network service allowing users to securely create and exchange things of interest with friends.
wikiHow is a web-based and wiki-based community consisting of an extensive database of how-to guides.
Vonage offers VoIP services that enable anyone to make and receive calls from a touch tone telephone by using a broadband connection.
Cbeyond is a voice and broadband Internet provider built exclusively to serve small businesses.
Copper Project is an online project management and collaboration tool used to share projects, tasks, files, contacts and events.
Searchles is a scalable social search platform with social bookmarking and social networking features that enables users to share stories.
Qponix was built to save shoppers time and money. Their widgets are designed to help people with everyday tasks: finding a quick recipe for
twitterfeed is a utility allowing users to feed their content to Twitter, Facebook, and other social platforms.
ExtendMedia provides software-based content management systems that help media companies and network operators manage digital video content.
MediaBoost is a platform and marketplace for direct response online marketing.
DesignBay is a crowdsourcing marketplace for graphic design and creative services that offers white label solutions to marketers.
Newsroom Director is an online collaboration suite for high school, college, and professional newspapers.
Simple text based document sharing. Multiple simultaneous uploads. Private documents. Most text based format's are allowed, including ones
National Transcript Center is the world's largest provider of electronic student record and transcript exchange solutions.
Internet Broadcasting offers scalable publishing solutions that power digital growth and strengthen consumer relationships.
Open Places is an iOS application and website that helps users find great places nearby.
Amdocs is a developer and provider of customer experience systems for communications, media, and entertainment industries.
Genbook is a SaaS & mobile platform enabling businesses to schedule appointments with its customers.
At MyTickr you can create a Website of different RSS-Feeds in a simple way. You can add your own Google Addsense and earn money with your
Bones in Motion (BiM) is an award-winning location-aware application developer. The service combines location technology with a smart Web
Zyked aims to make sports and exercising more fun by adding gameplay and community features.
Woldme is a social network providing games, videos, books, and online tutoring for children between ages 6 and 12.
MetaCarta provides technology to identify geographic references in content enabling monetization, localization, and finding information.
Golf Digest Planner is an online event planning tool for golf event organizers. There are over 1.5 million charity and corporate golf
Widgenie allows users to upload their data, customize a widget, and then publish their widget on the web.
PharmaNation is an online professional networking community for individuals in the pharmaceutical industry around the globe.
OutWit Technologies is the publisher of software and Web services based on its original Web Collection technology, the OutWit platform.
TweetDeck is a Twitter tool for real-time tracking, organizing and engagement on web and mobile devices.
PostLater is a premier blog post scheduling service. It publishes scheduled posts on blogging platforms that support any of the remote
JAD Tech Consulting provides support services for the joint development and selection of e-business applications.
Linspire is a commercial Linux distribution based on Debian GNU/Linux, then later Ubuntu. The Linspire operating system was meant to be an
Citeulike is a free online service to organize your academic papers.
Connotea provides free online reference management for all researchers, clinicians, and scientists.
Peer-review literature search, recommendation engine and group collaboration for academics and industry professionals.
Apomov stands for Apocalypse Movement — a new wave of filmmaking for a new age. It revives the artistic influences of the 1970's and
GreenSherpa is a web-based personal finance app that enables users to manage their bank accounts and transactions from any device.
VirtualTourist is a travel community platform for sharing travel advice and experiences.
mioNews is a new way to interact with your friends. By building on top of the popular FriendFeed service, mioNews makes finding new stories
Spill.com is a film review site where members can watch videos of animated characters discussing new movie releases, blog about upcoming
Prodiance Corporation offers enterprise risk management solutions to analyze risk, access databases, and manage user-developed applications.
Anyvite is a free site allowing users to create event invitations and organize groups for parties.
The mission of Bid 4 Good is to provide non profits with new ways of raising funds utilizing social networking tools and premium SMS.
At Carzone.ie you can search a huge range of cars for sale in Ireland. As well as providing an online car search facility, you can also
Clicklab provides advanced technology and professional services that help you improve returns on your e-marketing investment.
eXo offers a single extensible platform with social tools and enterprise portal functionality that enables users to connect and collaborate.
AlertMe is a smart energy and home monitoring system that enables users to control home appliances and devices.
MusoFinder.com connect musicians for bands and music projects. Musicians can register, create proflies and post wanted ads. Anyone can
We are a scadinavian Real Estate placed on the Costa del Sol where you can find all types of properties for rental and sale.
RezOvation, Inc. is a software and services provider of property management systems, website design, website hosting and marketing for
Built to optimize marketing. Track, analyze and optimize your digital marketing.
RadioReference.com, a communications data provider, features a full frequency database, trunked radio system details and FCC license data.
NoiseTrade is a platform connecting artists with fans through the exchange of music for contact information.
GlocalReach offers an online service for personal reach management activities.
Giant Interactive is a Chinese developer and operator of massively multiplayer online (MMO) games.
Flowgram allows sharing web pages, photos, and videos in a browser-based player that acts like an interactive screencast.
Thought & Theory partners with individuals and organizations to help realize their concepts and goals through design.
Junction Networks is a business communications network provider.
Alltop categorizes all the top headlines from popular topics around the web.
StatusNet is an open source software platform enabling microbloggers to interact with other communities.
Expert System is a leader in semantic technology and the creators of the patented Cogito semantic technology. Cogito is based on an advanced
Massively Me is a software development company that's building products for the Massively Multiplayer Online Gaming industry.
Ecrio develops a framework to upgrade common applications into communication-rich applications for multiple operating systems and phones.
Imara Corporation provides superior energy storage solutions and accelerates the adoption of alternative U.S.-based green energy sources.
TORO Development is a technology business providing a mobile wallet infrastructure, systems and services for making electronic transactions.
Collis focuses on design, development and testing of information technology systems. Collis provides innovative ICT-solutions that improve
Surgenia Productions is a web community development company based in Vancouver, BC. The first project in 2001 was a photo sharing community
HomeSpace is a Google map-based real estate search engine that provides users with useful information.
Made-from-India.com - One of the leading B2B portal & global marketplaces of India provides a Trade Business Directory, Buying selling
Transinsight is a German-based company offering semantic search, knowledge management, and business solutions.
Via Mobility is a mobile widgets and applications startup with a Mobile Widget Player.
Feria.TV is a television channel over the Internet (IPTV) broadcasting shows from Spain, France, Portugal, Mexico, Columbia, Peru,
Canary Nightlife is your guide to pubs, bars, restaurants and clubs on Lanzarote, Fuerteventura, Tenerife and Gran Canaria.
Imageloop is a photo-sharing app that allows users to shoot and share photos across all their social networks.
Base 10 Web Solutions, Inc. offers Internet marketing services to sellers of real estate, primarily via its flagship product
Travellerspoint is a social networking site for people who want to learn from or share experiences with other travellers.
Strockbox Photo Gallery Software offers an online solution that enables photographers, artists and artisans to display and sell their work.
GoGrid is an IaaS provider offering public, private and hybrid cloud infrastructure solutions.
YouLynx is a social media network, not unlike a mobile YouTube, but you can send pictures as well.
Curated blog discovery.
“Deloitte” is the brand under which tens of thousands of dedicated professionals in independent firms throughout the world collaborate to...
SavingPiggy is an online coupon site that is differentiated by it's attention to simplicity, ease of navigation and lack of clutter.
Gig Lovers is a concert listing site with a large database of upcoming and past gigs. Users have the option to import favourite artists
BrightMix develops web-based software solutions for businesses. They have a passion for creating elegant, easy-to-use, and well-thought-out
Achievers is a recognition and rewards software that increases employee engagement, retention and performance.
InHopeOfLove is a search engine for women and aims to attract users that are interested in a more feminine search experience.
Minerva Networks provides IPTV service management software that allows telcoms to deliver TV services over their managed IP network.
PCTEL, Inc. (NASDAQ: PCTI), develops antenna, scanning receiver, and engineered site solutions and services for public and private
TES is a leader in the business of industrial automation. Design, parts construction, machine build and testing are the four key phases of
Neato Robotics is a venture-funded startup developing robotic-based household appliances.
Chitika is an online ad network that leverages targeting and optimization technology to deliver ads.
Technology & People finding the suitable technology solutions to people needs; while representing Israeli HighTech companies in Europe.
Amplusnet provides mainly software monitoring applications for home, SOHO and business use.
Gupshup enables users to communicate and share their short messages privately and publicly.
E-CREATIVE.NE was established to help choose the most creative sites. Every month, a jury of 12 art directors from various countries, from
Total Beauty Media is an online platform designed for women who search for beauty tips.
AdGent Digital, a media and technology company, delivers a premium audience for brands via social media and tablet advertising platforms.
Allyes provides internet advertising technologies, online media services, and performance-based marketing in China.
Cross platform mobile development. CMS
Anime Kiosk is an online web portal that streams Japanese animation content to users via the internet from various video streaming sites.
VvCompHelpvV is a computer show that is brought by a 20 year old host. VvCompHelpvV more in depth is a unique computer show that helps the
Mobilitrix offers mobile solutions that transform the mobile phone into a business tool for brands and retailers to reward customer loyalty.
Creators of the Collect! Software System. Collect! automates and streamlines collection, administration, reporting, letter writing and
Gemvara helps independent jewelers deliver customized jewelry in an accessible way to customers.
Ascend Internet Marketing Inc., is a fresh and innovative Internet Technology Consulting and Marketing Firm focused on business systems,
inFlow Inventory Software enables businesses to handle sales, purchasing, and inventory management and control.
IoT / M2M eco system, secure certified platform solution for integrators, manufacturers, retailer and service providers.
mmCHANNEL offers multimedia enablement that provides next generation digital entertainment products and services.
Synergize.IT is a South African search engine company specializing in organic rankings. Synergize.IT is a Cape Town-based SEO company with
BitDefender provides security solutions that deliver effective threat management for home and corporate users.
Paragent is an innovator of remote IT management tools. Its web-based product is designed for managed service providers who need
KnowNow offers live information management solutions that increase the productivity, efficiency and profitability of companies.
Mixi is a Japanese social networking service that allows users to connect with their friends in a convenient way.
YouMail provides intelligent services to help people communicate better.
Veedow is a personalized shopfront that recommends products in line with every user's interests and taste.
Segway develops and manufactures a personal transporter, a two-wheeled and self-balancing electric vehicle.
Trinex Commercial Finance specializes in working capital loans and equipment loans & leases.
Celebrity Seats is a national ticket broker specializing in hard-to-get tickets for all concerts, sporting events, and theatre shows.
The Weather Channel is a news website reporting weather conditions of various locations around the world.
InnesFarm builds and supports fundraising and donor management solutions to the SOHO market and nonprofit sector.
NeXT is a computer company offering a series of computer workstations intended for the higher education and business markets.
Pixar is an American computer animation film studio producing feature and short films, and software products.
OTOY is a cloud rendering company delivering real-time cinematic quality 3D graphics through the browser.
San Francisco Bay Area high-service Talent Acquisition, Recruiting, Contract Employment, Temporary and Event Staffing firm.
The Groove Alliance is a developer of online videogames and online videogame technologies.
Hello Viking is an advertising agency that also creates mobile games.
The Parent Company was a company in the pregnancy, baby, and toddler marketplace.
Praxis Language produces web and mobile technology platforms and learning materials for the language-learning industry.
IDEO is a global design and innovation consultancy firm providing design-based marketing solutions for the public and private sectors.
Ammunition Group is a product design and development company.
Benevolink is a new movement in corporate giving that links individuals, corporations and nonprofit organizations to improve communities.
Charity Mall is an online shopping system that showcases 100s of merchants (i.e. Target, Home Depot, Sony, Gap, REI, and more) that have
PurpleTalk offers enterprise mobility consulting services for smart phones and mobile computers through [x]cube LABS.
Vopium develops global mobile communications solutions.
Spoiltchild Design is a creative design studio developing broadcast graphics, websites and web apps.
GCHQ is one of the three UK Intelligence Agencies and a part of the UK's National Intelligence Machinery.
Enterprise Mobile provides consulting and outsourcing services that enable companies to deploy and manage mobile devices.
With Arkiva you can store, access, and share any type of digital files in one place. Including Photos, Videos, Music, PC Files, Scanned
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is a semiconductor company that designs and develops graphics units, processors, and media solutions.
Reconnex provides purpose-built appliance solutions that protect all information assets of organizations.
Ever been in a situation where you needed translation services right now? Or, you are planning an activity (trip, conference call, etc.)
Goodlife is a networking site for the Gay Community.
StreetAdvisor is a real estate-based online social network and neighborhood content aggregator.
Vide Infra Group develop integrated web solutions and creative designs for global clients. Full-cycle, ground-zero development and support
The Washington Post is an American daily newspaper that focuses on national politics.
Ntractive is a cloud-based software development company providing customer relationship management (CRM) applications.
Apartment Home Living is a residential social network enabling residents to find apartments and connect with their neighbors.
UpMyStreet is a website providing consumers with a range of searchable local information based on their postal codes.
Wicked local is a community news/gathering site. It allows users to comment on local news, share photos and videos with their community,
A universal transliteration tool that enables access to virtually every language. Search the web, generate content for use in other places,
SavvyAuntie.com is the first resource and online community for Aunts. With advice and expertise developed just for Aunts, along with
KIPL works closely with companies to understand their business concerns and formulate an effective New Media and Social Media strategy.
Advisor's, implementors, content creation and innovation are grasp's core areas of business.
WatchMouse offers self-service website and application performance monitoring solutions.
Europe’s largest online hair and beauty marketplace, allowing customers to instantly book appointments at over 15,000 spas and salons.
Medialets is a media ad platform enabling businesses to create, deliver and measure mobile and tablet campaigns.
CakeMail offers an email marketing app for small businesses.
MyDouble is a look-a-like service for social networks and dating sites. It uses automated facial recognition software to allow people to
AccountMaven is a global community of sales people doing business with their channel sales partners.
Milestone Systems develops open platform IP video management software, delivering easy-to-manage surveillance solutions for enterprises.
Bitly's link management platform helps the world's leading brands deliver and measure their efforts across all marketing channels.
LionSaves is a mortgage lender with a new approach to the mortgage business. The site is a refinance calculator that focuses on
9You is a community of interactive entertainment portal sites providing online game services.
Chapatiz is a France-based developer of online virtual worlds that enable teens to chat and interact with other users.
Fluid Entertainment is an independent children’s interactive entertainment developer.
IGG is a publisher and developer of massively multiplayer games for the global online interactive entertainment industry.
Numedeon creates virtual worlds such as Whyville, an educational virtual world for children ages 8 to 15.
Open Box provides unique software solutions for companies whose needs surpass that of which can be found in a box or on the shelf.
Bronto Software provides a cloud-based marketing platform that enables retailers to drive revenue via email, mobile and social campaigns.
Simmersion Holdings provides 3D simulation solutions and services in Australia.
Unisfair provides virtual events, virtual trade shows, online job fairs and virtual recruiting services.
EasyBib, an information literacy platform, provides citation, note taking and research tools to help users become organized researchers.
LeftHand Networks is a provider of data storage systems and IP-based storage area networks.
StoneFly offers cost-effective, field-tested IP SAN solutions supporting storage capacities from 2TB to 300TB.
8D World provides an online virtual world to learn and improve spoken English in a motivating and contextually relevant environment.
MainNerve is an information security innovator and service provider whose mission is to make the Internet a more secure place to be.
motionBEAT is a platform of mobile adverts that supports internet businesses in Japan.
Nurien is a social networking and online gaming company that develops platforms for virtual social networks.
SceneCaster is a destination for creating and sharing 3D scenes on the web.
Flat World designs and enables personalized learning solutions that scale via its digital content and mobile and adaptive learning platform.
SulfurCell is a German developer and manufacturer of thin film electricity-generating solar modules.
Jambo Media develops online video solutions.
Discovery Mining offers an automated discovery platform that enables companies to manage critical documents including litigation documents.
Ocarina provides online storage optimization solutions that enable companies to reduce their storage footprint and increase system capacity.
Data Domain offers disk-to-disk and offsite disaster recovery solutions to businesses worldwide.
Saffron Digital is a mobile and web-based media company providing end-to-end DRM video solutions for carriers, MSOs, OEMs and retailers.
Save Benjis makes shopping tools to help consumers save money.
ShapeWriter tries to make mobile phones, tablet computers, game pads, and all other touch-screen devices more useful — and user friendly.
Retronyms makes iPhone apps in the audio and games space.
Greenwave Software makes an iPhone and iPod touch application named TalkBubbles.
ForeFlight is a companion for pilots that packs rich airport information, search, and aviation weather imagery is a single package.
We are a small agile web development team based out of Seattle, WA that primarily uses Ruby on Rails as our weapon of choice.
Skorpiostech creates hardware and software products for the *nix market (including OS X).
We make beautiful apps that help people learn faster.
Playlistor.com is a music website which allows users to create and listen to their own personal playlists online.
Urbanspoon is an information platform allowing users to find local restaurants and submit recommendations and reviews.
Black Book Singles is a free online dating service focused on helping users find compatible local singles.
Kickplay creates free, web-based casual games that people can play, personalize and share on the web.
Acumen is a business and technology consulting firm.
Pronto is a comparison shopping engine that provides price comparisons for the user-preferred products.
Talking Panda develops high quality applications for mobile devices. Their benchmark product is iLingo, a
Bizcard is an eco-friendly print solutions company based in Scottsdale, AZ. Bizcard serves businesses of all sizes, focusing in particular
iCloseBy is a mobile application developer. As of July 2008, their only application is iFob for the iPhone.
Bloomberg provides news, data, analytics, and communication services for the global business and financial world.
Datapipe offers managed hosting services and data centers for cloud computing and IT companies.
TopTenREVIEWS is an online platform providing software, web services, electronics, video game, music and movie reviews.
AtBizz is a social media website that enables users to connect, collaborate, create, and sell all types of user-generated content.
2famo.us encourages website owners to become actively involved in marketing and promoting their websites.
Involver offers a social marketing platform that provides SaaS-based tools to help businesses manage their marketing on social media sites.
Aggregating news into categorized topics from thousands of online sources. Find local news, world news, video news, and forums.
TasteKid is a recommendation system enabling users discover and share interests in music, movies, TV shows, books, authors and games.
4chan is an image-based bulletin board where users can post comments and share images.
Adscale, based in Germany, is an online real-time marketplace for digital advertising, connecting advertisers and website publishers.
brands4friends is an online shop that sells branded products via temporary sales auctions.
DaWanda is an online marketplace that trades handmade products from professional artisans, artists, designers, and individuals.
Epuls belongs to Poland's major social networks.
FavThumbs is a mini-project from Ryan Sit, CEO of Swurl, that allows users to browse through their Del.icio.us bookmarks visually in a grid
ON24 provides webcasting, lead generation, and virtual event solutions to achieve performance requirements of companies.
XY Interact is a technology company specializing in new media technology tools and services.
Snagsta is a recommendation site that enables users to share and find things, places, and services they want.
Hyundai Motor India Engineering is an R&D facility based in India that aims to accelerate local content development.
GMG is a leading multimedia business. The diverse portfolio includes national and regional newspapers, websites, radio stations, magazines
Notely is a web application for students that replaces traditional pen and paper organizational methods.
A.T. Kearney is a management consulting firm offering solutions to strategic and operational CEO agenda issues.
my247.mobi is a niche social network built around entertainment. Founded in Brisbane, Australia in 1999 the platform covers over 800,000
Kapish is a software and services company designed and driven to improve your experience with TRIM Context.
Wabebee is an intermediary for suppliers of various products and content providers. By placing banners with products on different websites,
Scour is a social search engine that scours multiple other search engines, with the goal of offering the most relevant search results.
GigMaven is an online marketplace enabling musicians and live music venues to book gigs.
Riot Games is a global company that develops online games.
Nibea is a prototype drag and drop website builder. Nibea is fully drag and drop, does layering and transparency of anything, has a
Spheric Technologies is a premier solutions company providing consulting and development solutions to enterprises.
ClickDiario is an Ad Network that operates in Latin America. In September 2005, ClickDiario was acquired by Livedoor and in June 2007 sold
RedMonk is an open source analyst firm that is dedicated to providing high quality research at no cost.
Seven Lights is a game developer/publisher focused on core gaming within the browser and mobile devices.
iFlaker is an open web portal for creating enterprise websites based on the DotNetNuke platform.
Moblog is a mobile blogging community site which also provides online and mobile web blogging utilities to clients.
We're not afraid is a outlet for the global community to speak out on terrorism.
Mobile marketing patents.
CTRL is an end-to-end video production and distribution company. They produce shows about video gaming and distribute these globally via
Take the guesswork out of finding your city's best bars. Bars For Us, at barsforus.com, has created an easy way for people to find bars
Scavenja is an online, photo based scavenger hunt. Time limited games challenge players to complete thematically connected goals. Players
LenderFlex provides web-based software solutions for the mortgage industry.
Icontem is the company that manages the PHPClasses.org site. This site is a repository of ready to use Web development components written
SMS Poll, a text message voting application, allows its users to gather in-moment data from live audiences including students and employees.
Zi Yu Studios is a small startup that focus on web2.0 applications and game development.
TagMan, a tag management marketing data platform, helps marketers manage the complexities of web analytics, ecommerce data and e-privacy.
Noter is an online tool that enables university students to take notes. The idea behind Noter is to provide a simple way for students to
Inhabit Street is a website for the residents of apartment buildings, condos and townhouses.
World Wide Talent Search provides support to help aspiring talents succeed in their careers within the music and entertainment business.
Blue Lava Technologies produces venture developing technology to facilitate digital media organization.
Triana Global is an online advertising network, specialising in social networks.
A design that lasts. This is one of the sentences that best describe Gorenje products, beautiful, elegant and with quality. Gorenje is one
Zendesk is a software development firm providing a SaaS suite that offers help desk ticketing, issue tracking, and customer service support.
St. John & Partners is a communications and design firm specializing in integrated communications strategies.
They know that the information they handle their customers is crucial to the proper functioning of their businesses.
Caspio is the #1 cloud platform for creating custom database applications fast and without coding.
Shoplocal is a pioneer in digital marketing and shopping that delivers local digital activation at national scale.
Streetline builds solutions to manage vehicle parking through the customized design and application of new sensing technologies.
Impara's work revolves around learning environments, collaborations, and computer games. Their multimedia tools are intended for school and
Roxer is an free online tool that lets anyone create web pages without any programming.
MixMeister creates innovative software tools for playing, producing and performing music mixes.
j2 Global, Inc. (NASDAQGS:JCOM) provides Internet services through its two divisions: Business Cloud Services and Digital Media.
j2 Global, Inc. (NASDAQGS:JCOM) provides Internet services through its two divisions: Business Cloud Services and Digital Media.
Epocrates develops software that provides reference information about drugs and diseases, and diagnostic tools for healthcare professionals.
MoneyAisle was an online auction marketplace where consumers could find refinanced, new and used auto loans, personal loans and Bank CDs.
Slooce Technology is a provider of multiplayer games based on SMS. With Slooce, friends can stay connected by playing games delivered via
Truviso, a data analytics software platform, provides actionable insights into net-centric businesses’ marketing and operational activities.
Real Estate technolgy services and marketplace platform.
Apricado allows musicians to create their own online music store. Artists upload music and are instantly able to sell it and get an 80% cut
Zoomix makes software that provides a data optimization and acceleration layer for storage engines.
ADP provides business outsourcing solutions that facilitate businesses in HR, payroll and administration processes.
WindSolutions is a small software company based in Switzerland. They develop C++ solutions for the Windows platform. Products include: -
Brownbook is an open business directory that allows anyone to add a business, review a business, or update a business’s details.
Geometric Informatics specializes in advanced computer graphics, pattern recognition, and 3-D geometry processing techniques.
Zhaopin.com is a Chinese online recruitment services provider.
Mission: Protect PC games from illegal usage without impacting paying gamers. Breakthrough DRM! ByteShield's unique approach to DRM and
Fan History is a fandom portal. It provides visitors with information on the history of various fandoms, a directory of members of fandom,
Vimukti Technologies is a software product development company. The developer of Ecgine, zero coding development platform.
Adorn Technologies is an Offshore Web Design and Development Company based in India. We specialise in Web design & development, Logo &
OgilvyOne Worldwide is a one-to-one marketing network. Employing the Customer Ownership model, OgilvyOne builds long-lasting, profitable
GSProvider provides IT and digital marketing consultancy for the Dutch government and several multinationals.
MUZU TV is a interactive music platform that provides a large catalogue of videos in various categories.
Fraktal is the creator of Edicy.com, a simple web editing software. Fraktal was founded in late 2007 by some of the key figures at the
Skillr is a collaborative platform helping people to list, share and promote their skills.
SoGlos.com is an online magazine for Gloucestershire in the UK, targetted at county residents and visitors and aiming to provide readers
ExpertSoft specializes in creating software to assist building companies. The company has two large offices in Ukraine and representatives
ThirdAge is an online portal offering resources, interactive guides, and more to assist in managing life transitions of midlife adults.
BallHype pulls in content from thousands of sports blogs as well as accepts user submitted content.
Binary Square, Inc. was founded in 2003 and is dedicated to developing quality games that are fun for the whole family. The company's
Blinkweb is a web-based, easy-to-use website creation tool with drag and drop functionality that allows users to create customized websites.
Comindwork offers an online environment and a set of tools that help knowledge workers collaborate effectively and conveniently.
Veiosoft makes DataCase, an iPhone app that allows you to use an iPhone to store things, similar to a usb flash drive.
Psystar is famous for its OpenMac line of Mac clones, which were released in early 2008. The devices are standard PC hardware running a
Nuroa is a real estate search engine, enabling users to search, buy, and rent properties online.
Imangi Studios is an independent game development studio developing iPhone-enabled games.
Cricinfo is the leading online cricket portal. It was acquired by ESPN in June 2007.
Agitar provides commercial services to help users automate and manage the process of developer testing for Java.
LiquidTalk is a provider of mobile workforce engagement solutions for various enaLiquidTalk is a mobile workforce engagement solutterprises.
aRtintimity is a collaborative photoblog concept where people from all horizons express what they are thinking about...while sitting alone
Demiforce is the maker of Trism, an iPhone game.
ArtHitch is a place for artists, collectors, and galleries to be connected, allowing them to buy, sell, and track ownership of artwork.
Finest fighting force in the history of the world.
Innography is an analysis software platform that offers tools to enable companies for managing intellectual property.
Dexterra provides mobile platforms and apps that enable organizations to manage and optimize their mobile workforces.
ecimtech is a global IT services providers specialized in software development, technical support, and technology products.
GoodTree is a web portal enabling users to connect with people who share similar values.
Medpedia is a free technology platform for the medical community.
Myrio provides an IPTV solution for telecommunications providers looking to add video services to their service offerings.
Come2Play develops white-label social gaming platforms for multiplayer online flash games.
The Virtual Training Company creates and delivers narrated software tutorials in QuickTime and Flash formats.
ArtistForce develops technology solutions for the live entertainment industry.
Adeona is an Open Source system for tracking the location of a lost or stolen laptop that does not rely on a proprietary, central service.
Xpree helps companies tap the full talents of their employees to make more efficient forecasts.
Consensus Point provides prediction market technology that predicts future events and market preferences.
A prediction markets platform for hosting the wisdom of crowds. Askmarkets provides a prediction markets web service, where everyone can
Unstructured Ventures specializes in financial and business strategy for emerging and growing companies.
Kazzong is a decentralised, direct-to-fan music distribution system in the Web 2.0 age. Music fans can discover, listen and comfortably
IT consulting firm with a specialty in computer forensics, ediscovery and litigation support.
Continuum is a global innovation design consultancy that brings ideas to markets by integrating strategy, design, and engineering.
Playza is an online games company which creates customised virtual worlds for the social networking generation.
TennisPoint is an online tennis team and player management site. TennisPoint.com is a website for tennis players. TennisPoint has services
BizUnite is an online tool that helps independent businesses compete with their larger competitors.
Aldor Solutions provides custom website design and funeral home software for the funeral service industry.
Zorch is the exclusive supplier of branded merchandise for some of the largest corporations in the world.
FABINET is a B2B International platform that helps ideas for Film, Video and Theater over the INTERNET.
AuctionDrop is an online retailer that enables the liquidation of wholesale surplus and salvage inventory and assets.
Biden PC provides computer and networking services to small businesses in the Los Angeles and Inland Empire areas of Southern California.
Sellathon is the creator of statistics and analytics tools for sellers on third-party sales platforms such as eBay and Overstock.
ADCentricity offers a technology platform enabling clients to access digital media assets for campaign planning, purchasing and deployment.
Converseon is a social business consultancy that helps brands harness the value of social media across the enterprise.
Switch2Health develops social-based wellness platforms that track and reward health enhancing activities of employees.
Developer of Recess Student Information System and other emerging SaaS solutions.
trueAnthem is a real-time analytics and social publishing solution for the media industry.
The Bridge Group provides technology companies with bandwidth and expertise to build and evolve best practice Inside Sales teams.
Message Systems provides on-prem and cloud email infrastructure to the most demanding businesses in the world.
InterActive Applicant provides a web-based multimedia screening solution. InterActive Applicant solutions enable recruiters and employers
Rouxbe is an online cooking school offering video recipes, culinary quizzes, progress reporting and personal chef support.
BlogHer.com is an online community and media company sharing news and trends among women in social media.
Speckly's mission is to make the process of finding media delivered through BitTorrent easy for everyone.
Automated Business Solutions is a full service software development and hosting company. While we offer a wide variety of services, our
Devshop is a hosted project management application offering the latest Web 2.0 functionality and UI design.
Reverb Studios is a small Multimedia Design Company based in Leitrim, Ireland. Our services include Web Design, Graphic Design, Photo
Tiny Violin is an iPhone app that turns your iPhone into a virtual violin.
SpinBits is a Web 2.0 Consultancy company that focuses on delivering interactive and smart software to enhance the profitability and image
Spring is a technology consultancy that helps build applications that connect people, enable conversations and drive transactions.
Retriever Communications delivers wireless field force automation solutions to improve field worker productivity.
Suggestica, in simple terms, is an encyclopaedia of suggestions from Trusted Authorities from Around the web.
Lendicom acts as a transaction point between commercial mortgage lenders, brokers, and borrowers.
Company Sleuth is a website providing free, legal and inside information on publicly traded companies.
The Electric Sheep is a virtual worlds and social games developer for major brands and media companies.
diquest is a Korean enterprise search engine.
Recordcup is the site of world record contests. Everyone can upload & vote to decide who's the world champ. Essentially, Recordcup is your
VISUALPLANT is a cloud-based platform for companies to encode, store, manage and publish video, images, and audio to internet venues.
Nexdot is a technology consulting firm focusing on Web Development and personal computer support.
Cascada Mobile provides free software to create and distribute mobile applications. Breeze is its primary product. Write your app in HTML,
Jamglue is an online community allowing users to listen or mix music from a library of user-contributed music.
nexTier Networks is redefining the way enterprises are safeguarding their sensitive data for the 21st century datacenter.
OGPlanet is a global publisher of free-to-play multiplayer online games.
EasyTweets helps online marketers leverage the power of microblogging. It can be used to post to and switch between multiple Twitter
Scriblink is a free digital whiteboard that users can share online in real-time. The service gives access to serveral features, such as: -
SnagFilms is a website offering advertising-supported documentary films.
MyWikiBiz is a wiki directory business that allows people and enterprises to author their own legacy on the Internet.
LifePsychic is an online advice company. LifePsychic connects advice seekers to advice givers through VOiP (Voice Over the Internet
Colizer is an internet marketing and web development firm based in California, USA.
Rockstar Games is a multinational video game development and publishing company.
Cherwell Software offers IT service management software for small enterprises and Fortune 500 companies.
OnlyWire is an auto-syndication tool for submitting articles and content to social and business networking services.
Udenti is a safe, simple and free identity/data portability system. We organize peoples personal information into a group hierarchy so that
6nema.com is an online short films platform that showcases movies online with high definition streaming.
GenArts provides specialized visual effects formatting software for the film, broadcasting and video industries.
Lexy is an audio content creation and distribution platform.
Livecast is a live video broadcast service for 3G mobile phones and other portable platforms.
The Onion is an American “fake news” organization featuring satirical articles reporting on international, national, and local news.
SingleHop provides hosted IT infrastructure, enabling automatic server deployment and remote management.
PKC Corporation is dedicated to transforming the way healthcare is delivered. They believe that intelligent software and user-centered
Vanu develops and delivers software radio access network solutions for the wireless infrastructure industry.
Code71, a custom software development and integration specialist, helps SMEs develop and support cloud-based SaaS using Agile and Scrum.
Moopz is a tool that gathers comments and activity relating to a specific link and consolidates them into one place.
Real-time Analytics & Optimization Tool for SEM, SEO and Social.
NewsEndorser was founded in December 2008 by Jan Dipasupil, Lambert Famorca and Reginald Balanga.
StumbleAudio is like a Pandora for indie music. It is a music recommendation engine.
ZAO Begun offers contextual advertising services and products to advertisers, Web sites, and advertising agencies.
OpenDrive provides unlimited online storage, backup and cloud content management services.
Honesty Online is in the business of Identity Proofing - a 3rd party used to vet one's identity and pedigree on the Internet.
WEBCARGO is a digital delivery service that lets businesses and individuals securely send, receive and track large digital assets online.
Wuala is a secure cloud storage service that enables users to store, encrypt, sync, backup, and access their files online.
Hands-On Mobile publishes lifestyle, games and personalization products for the mobile handset marketplace.
Twiddla is a web-based service that helps distributed teams meet virtually and collaborate in real time.
Napera Networks delivers cloud-based active network management services for SMEs.
QlikTech offers QlikView, a business discovery platform that delivers user-driven business intelligence (BI).
Crisp Media offers mobile advertising technology solutions and services to brand advertisers, agencies and publishers.
SAVO enables companies to harness the power of sales process, social collaboration, mobility and analytics.
IndexTools tracks consumer clicks when a visitor loads a web page containing Index Tools’ tracking script.
Simple, Easy to use stock price calculation program. The one thing everyone has in common when trying to make any money from the stock
Coremetrics provides digital marketing optimization and web analytics solutions for online marketing investments.
MyID.is a digital ID certification platform. MyID.is trying to solve the problem of how to provide users with a digital ID that has been
Alfresco is an open source model providing enterprise content management solutions and enabling open source community to develop software.
Cart45 is a new PHP based shopping cart solution. Built with customer SEO in mind Cart45 is a cost effective way for businesses to build
Rootdown is a comprehensive online resource and forum for current and aspiring practitioners of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM).
Sportstation specialises in providing websites to sports clubs that are quick to setup and simple to manage.
Sexinema allows users to watch and upload adult video clips for free.
Headquartered in Mumbai, India, Cynapse invents software products that benefit fundamental aspects of everyday life.
At SparkPeople, our mission is to SPARK millions of PEOPLE to reach their goals and lead healthier lives.
Gizj.com is a personal aggregator site where you can customize all of the content and feeds.
Myibidder.com (originally Myibay.com) is a Free auction bid sniper and management service for eBay.
Cognitor provides solutions for customer management, designed to enhance the customer experience from sales to service.
Startuply was a free job listings marketplace for startups.
Teclogy is a global service provider of outsourced software development and Process outsourcing services.
Digimix is a flex-based music editing application that enables users to create and save their own music mix projects.
ProClarity develops advanced analysis and visualization technologies for Microsoft software.
IBTgames is a gaming platform developing casual games for social networks such as Facebook, Myspace, Bebo, Friendster, Orkut, and Hi5.
FeeFighters enable users to compare credit card processing services.
Larsen Digital Services is an online and retail slide negative and photo scanning service based in Utah.
LivingSocial is an online marketplace that allows people to buy and share deals on the best things to do in their cities and beyond.
AmCharts is a set of Flash charts for your websites and Web-based products. AmCharts can extract data from simple CSV or XML files, or they
InfoSoft Global (P) Limited is leading provider of visual web applications and solutions. They're the creators of FusionCharts — the
deals4real is an online shopping community with a variety of inventory types.
GECAD NET is one of the key players in the Romanian IT market, offering the whole choice of intelligent IT solutions.
d-Media is a open source web development company. Developing taylor fit web solutions using mostly Drupal and Wordpress.
iCueTV delivers a host of interactive functions specifically tailored to the broadcast or commercial.
Kazulo is a new portuguese web2.0 portal, developed by the web agency Elemento Digital. Kazulo entered beta status in August 2007, and
Carbonetworks helps organizations manage their carbon inventories and create effective greenhouse gas emissions strategies.
Opportuno is a German job search engine that specializes in finding jobs directly on employers' web sites.
WorkoutBOX is an online personal trainer providing workout and exercise routines for enthusiasts of all fitness levels.
Minted is a venture-backed social commerce company that crowdsources graphic designs and content from a global design community.
Media Lantern provides content management and e-commerce products and services for marketing firms and advertising agencies.
BlingEasy offers web-based technology that enables users to create personalized photos by adding animations and effects.
1C Company engages in the development, distribution, publishing, and support of mass-market software.
BUKA is a Russian video game developer. BUKA has published games Far Cry, Half Life series, War Hammer 40,000: Dawn of Warfrom from Western
Favtape.com enables people to play and discover music online and create mix-tapes.
Xavier Media® is a privately owned company that started its businesses in 1996. They focus mainly on sites for webmasters and web site
Appirio is an IT technology company providing mobile, social, crowdsourcing and cloud technology services.
Capzles allows users to combine blogs, mp3’s, videos and photos into multimedia story lines.
OrderMotion is a web-based software platform facilitating order management, order processing and inventory management for e-businesses.
MobileSphere is a provider of global wireless communications solutions leveraging the migration from fixed to mobile communications.
Instagarage.com is an e-commerce platform offering gift cards from multiple retailers and stores.
GiantBomb is a Video Game Encyclopedia with full articles and images covering video games, characters, concepts and companies.
MongoDB is the next-generation database that helps businesses transform their industries by harnessing the power of data.
CasualCafe makes a variety of Flash games that integrate social features like friend list and virtual currency.
Web 2.0 consulting and strategy
Douban is a Chinese social networking service that offers "lifestyle and culture" products and services for urbanites and college students.
Shapeways is the world's leading 3D printing service, marketplace and community enabling anyone to bring amazing products to life.
Advisor is focused on building smart tools to help back office service providers.
GenePartner provides users with a formula to match men and women by analyzing specific genes in their DNA.
Beyond Motherhood is a site created to help moms figure out if, when and how to get back into the workforce.
KEY Administrative Associates is a virtual assistance and medical billing firm. We specialize in providing services to small businesses,
Build an e-marketing strategy with K3 Media, a marketing company specializing in Internet and affiliate ad strategies.
Avidian Technologies offers Prophet, which is a customer relationship management software suite built into Microsoft Outlook.
Overtime Media develops web solutions for athletics.
Full service online marketing business based in Manchester, England. We provide a full range of services including; web design, web
AuctionAds is a service that provides listings on eBay in a contextual widget format.
LeadCreations.com is a performance-based online marketing and lead generation company. Through a combination of our publisher network , our
ScientificMatch utilizes user's DNA to maximize the chances of finding the right partner for them.
Lead411 is an information services company providing company profiles, business news, sales leads, business addresses, and lead alerts.
Photo blogging made simple. Zaplife is a fun and easy way to share your photos through a timeline similar to blogging. Zaplife runs on your
Iloho is a location-based social network that connects like-minded travelers.
Brocade Communications Systems Brocade offers data center networking solutions that enable organizations to manage information assets.
Foundry Networks provides enterprise and service provider switching, routing, security and application traffic management solutions.
GamerVixens is a social networking site built from scratch, focusing on the female gamer. We empower and unite female gamers and female
BankAround allows consumers to search banking products, such as checking, savings, and retirement accounts.
Qovax is a small web development company.
Academic Earth offers a comprehensive collection of online courses from universities such as Harvard, Yale, Stanford, and MIT.
jkOnTheRun is a blog that covers the latest news and reviews of mobile technology hardware and software.
Buysight offers ShopperConnect™, an online display advertising network that provides solutions for brand and performance advertisers.
Mixergy is an online platform that provides education for startups and entrepreneurs.
samfind Bookmarks Bar is a Firefox add-on that personalizes users' browser with the websites they interact with regularly.
UberSpat is an online debating site that allows users to input a debate of their choosing. What separates UberSpat from its competitors is
Hyper Rig is a global provider of trading risk management software, and data management software technologies.
cKlear is an IT products and services company specializing in trading system software and risk management software systems and services.
Verticitiy is a New York based application development firm. We specialize in Iphone and Android apps.
Buzznewzz.com was created to give You an easy and quick way to spread your buzz!
SubHub offers a managed and hosted service for anyone to build and run a money-making content website.
Military.com is a web-based military membership organization that helps Americans with military affinity access their benefits.
LateRooms is a hotel reservations website enabling users to find information on discounted accommodation and last minute hotel deals.
GreenRoad enables commercial fleets, insurers and consumers to measure, improve and sustain safe and fuel-efficient driving behavior.
Eye-Fi builds products and services for consumers to manage, nurture and share their digital memories.
Labgenee is an online service that assists scientists to search and order biological products.
Xara has been developing software since 1981. From Wordwise, one of the earliest microcomputer word processors, to Xara Xtreme, Xara's high
Qumu offers software solutions that enable organizations to easily capture, manage, publish and distribute live and on-demand video content.
Search Engine Optimization is not just about meta tags or H1 tags anymore. Gone are the days when you could get a top rank on Google with
AroundMe intends to let people build community networks based on their location (as specific as zipcode) and desired radius of area.
Ku6 is a Chinese online video portal providing users with an array of video-related content.
Vertabase offers several productivity solutions to enterprise and individual users. Their flagship product is Vertabase, which is offered
Accomplice is a software application that helps professionals manage their to-dos, goals, and notes, then sync them with their team.
Keynote Systems develops hardware, software and services to measure and improve the quality of service of internet and mobile communication.
Ratemyideas.com which allows users to submit new unique made or market ready gadgets, inventions, products services etc.
Opposing Views is an online media platform enabling people to argue and debate on news.
12 Seconds is a video sharing web site enabling users to share twelve second long video moments from their life.
Wired Magazine is a monthly magazine that provides an in-depth coverage of current and future trends in technology.
Resnooze allows users to create recurring email reminders about tasks and bookmarks. From within the email reminder message, the user can
Juniper Networks is a news network that designs, develops, and sells products and services, along with network infrastructure.
Cognizant Technology Solutions provides IT, consulting and BPO services.
Black Duck, provider of OSS Logistics solutions, helps enterprises manage the logistics and maximize the opportunities of open source.
McKesson distributes medical supplies, information technology and care management products and services in the healthcare industry.
BizFilings provides rush business incorporation services to entrepreneurs.
OpenLink Software develops and deploys standards-compliant middleware products.
Imediasee uses video streaming technology to offer a new way to deliver broadcast and HD quality video on the web.
CarbonFlow develops carbon trading software to help companies lower the cost and time it takes to create a carbon credit.
Nearsoft Inc is a software product development service. The company works with ISVs, SaaS companies and consumer-facing sites. In some
FriendlyFavor is a fun, all purpose request tool that enables you to easily ask for, receive, and manage favors online.
Allvoices is a community-driven tech platform that collects, validates and distributes user-generated news from around the world.
DATAllegro provides integrated data warehousing services.
Tweenky is a web-based micro-blogging client. Twitter is currently supported. More service support is on the way.
EffectiveUI is a user experience agency specializing in creation and implementation of custom web, mobile, desktop and touch-enabled apps.
QQ.com is TenCent's main brand, providing a litany of services through its portal. Most widely known for its instant messaging service, QQ
IRL Connect offers a visual social network that enables users to meet up and communicate with friends from other social networks.
We are currently expanding our organization in 24/7 services of voice to text and subtitling solutions to clients in UK, Canada and the US.
Yatra online offers a booking service that enables individuals to find and book flights, hotels and holiday packages.
Jashsoft Corporation develops Security and Networking software suites for Home as well as Corporate environments.
akakce.com is a online shopping platform that enables customers to compare and purchase products.
The popular legal services to find clients in the USA is now available in Canada at www.lawyerahead.ca LawyerAhead aims to make finding a
Affordable homes available to the first time buyers priced out of the housing market. Genuinely discounted properties — up to 15% savings
Transposagen Biopharmaceuticals provides animal models of human diseases for drug discovery and development.
DEAN is a communications platform that allows millions of people to be instantly notified. Users can send notifications from a simple
Zagat is a web and smartphone app providing access to ratings and reviews for restaurants, nightspots and hotels worldwide.
Photosleeve is simple, fast photo sharing. Photosleeve gets your photos from your camera to an email in a single step. It takes care of
Jenzabar is an enterprise software and solutions company providing back-end and web-based systems for the higher education industry.
Radio Station Portal. Moderato FM located in Madiun East Java (state) of Indonesia. The best Radio commercial and very famous one. Do
USABizHub.com caters to businesses owned and operated in the United States. By offering a cost effective and easily searchable website,
Publictivity is the online social workspace that allows small businesses to better organize and share information.
Ableton develops software for creating, producing and performing music.
CNN.com is an online digital news source that delivers international news and information on various categories across the globe.
The Ads-FREE Web!!! The key idea is to SEPARATE main content and everything else, e.g., Ads.
Mapori is an online real estate management service that offers property management systems for real estate agents.
Flowchart.com is an online real-time collaboration flowchart software. To run flowchart.com you do not need any plugins. Collaborate in
Huddler is a digital media company and technology platform that facilitates the revamping of online forums and websites.
Gopher is a digital advertising company helping small/medium businesses to get found online.
Enikos provides software services for multimedia applications based on the MPEG-21 standard to create and customize multimedia experiences.
Moondo is a gaming platform that allows users to earn and use items globally.
Aurigma is a software development company engaged in delivering image processing components and solutions.
Amnesia is the Australian arm of the largest digital agency in the world, Razorfish, owned by Microsoft.
NICE Actimize provides real-time fraud prevention, anti-money laundering, enterprise investigations and risk management solutions.
Jootware is a web services company changing the way people interact with the web, digital content and each other.
Cybertill develops e-commerce and mail order software solutions for enterprises.
Actinic is a specialist UK provider of EPOS and ecommerce solutions for small and medium retailers.
Famundo for Families is your family hub, making your family's schedule manageable and giving you control over your daily life.
Bioalma develops software for information retrieval and analysis of text biomedical data. Bioalma has build the technology to analyze
Prezi is the interactive, cloud-based presentation platform that helps you connect more powerfully with your audience.
OPEN Leads is a web based lead management application for small to mid size businesses.
Diamond Review is an online community for diamond jewelry enthusiasts. They do not sell diamonds or jewelry; they provide free, unbiased
DiamondSE is a loose diamonds pricing search engine and diamond price index.
dutchsoftware.com specializes in developing software for enterprise media asset management, using search engine technology and Adobe Flex
Users bid auction style for user generated life experiences like skydiving, cooking lessons or backstage passes.
iStreamPlanet offers cloud-based video-workflow products and services for live event and linear streaming channels.
LOG607 designs and creates immersive games to learn and develop relationships.
Plexed is a social network aimed at gay youth, aiming to provide an easy and safe way for gay teens to communicate.
PitchEngine is a social platform that enables businesses to create content to share via social networks, search engines and mobile devices.
Crowd Technologies develops CrowdControlHQ, a social media management tool allowing organizations to manage their social media accounts.
popIn is a University of Tokyo-based venture company. Their goal is to help Internet users efficiently solve their problems by developing
Kinoma is a privately-held company formed in May 2002 to design and build mobile media products.
RentWiki.com is an online rental marketplace enabling users to search, read reviews, and rent apartments using their mobile phones.
Owner of StudentBusinesses.com
Conklin & de Decker provides software to evaluate aircraft costs. They also provide aviation education and consulting.
Integrated Computer Services provides New Jersey IT services, including network and server installation and consulting.
Gallisto provides electronic document management solutions to SMB's at an SMB pricepoint.
RODECO ICT Services offers google4restaurants, a free restaurant table reservation portal.
Social search platform for party, event and wedding planning. We've built a custom search tool that can localize and aggregate your results.
The first recruiting platform that helps engage the talented folks employers want to hire. Professionals can anonymously connect with
blippr is a microblogging service allowing users to discover, discuss and review books, music, movies and games.
Mytalk.at is a smaller version of a blog, limiting posts to 1000 characters with link, photo, video.
The Wireless Technology Forum (WTF) is made up of today's movers and tomorrow's shakers in the world of wireless and mobile technologies.
OnStage is an online workspace, collaboration, and project management tool. Through a web interface, it allows users to share documents,
RadioShack Corporation is engaged in the retail sale of consumer electronics goods and services.
ChosenList.com is an internet classified advertisement website that offers listings of products, services, and jobs.
Equinix provides carrier-neutral interconnection data center and global colocation services.
Digimarc develops solutions for licensing intellectual property and provides development services to business partners.
Tideway Systemsprovide technology to enhance dramatically the operations of today's IT departments and provide a crucial component.
Graphsy is a new graph drawing application for the Web with a focus on usability. It allows you to access graph projects from anywhere, all
Voltaix is a provider of materials used in the production of semiconductor and advanced photovoltaic cells.
MySpace Music enables users to stream music on demand, create playlists, and add widget music players to their profiles.
Event Innovation is a company offering software apps and related services to the sports, performing arts and entertainment industries.
Accept payments on your website or in your app.
Spreed in a mobile publishing technology company based out of Toronto, Canada. Their mobile publishing platform helps media companies
Broadbus provides memory-based systems for delivering movies and television on demand.
StackHash is a social backup solution that backs up users' data locally and sends secure copies to preferred members in their social groups.
Operative offers a SaaS-based platform and technology-enabled services to help media industry leaders balance operational efficiency.
AirMe is a real-time mobile media and social networking application that enables users to share their photos with family and friends.
worldtvradio provides free access to thousands of internet radio stations and online TV channels.
GoAnimate provides cloud-based drag-and-drop tools that enable people to create customized videos.
ProForma is a revolutionary document management SaaS platform that makes your office paperless.
Five Details develops software for Mac OS X and iOS. They are most widely known for Flow, their file transfer client. Five Details launched
Anthillz is a business network focused on trusted business relationships.
db4objects sponsors the development, commercially licenses and supports db4o, the open source object database.
Design ForSite is a website design and development company based in the Silicon Valley and serving the San Francisco Bay area.
Accipiter Systems develops data communications systems for custom military and commercial applications.
Gradient Labs is a design and technology studio creating the next generation of HTML5 websites and touch-based experiences for the iPad.
www.holisticreal.com provides credible information about complementary and alternative therapies to health-enthusiasts, medical
Moxsie, an online retail marketplace, allows consumers to discover independent fashion products such as clothing, footwear and accessories.
Admeld is an advertising optimization platform providing online publishers with technology and expertise to sell their ad inventory.
Roamware provides voice and data roaming solutions and mobile financial services.
Investing Minds is an online investment community where members contribute opinions and advice on stocks, bonds, mutual funds and more.
linnovo Research Labs is a clinical innovation company promoting use of medical informatics in clinical practice and patient care.
Lexnet is a CRM and cloud computing VAR that provides consulting and development services for Salesforce.com, Force.com SageCRM, SalesLogix
ServiceNow is an IT cloud company that transforms IT by automating and managing IT service relationships across the global enterprise.
LeadGenesys enables marketing and sales teams to see anonymous visitors who check out their websites.
TeamViewer is an all-in-one solution for remote access, support, collaboration and desktop sharing over the internet.
Mobnotes is a location-based mobile social utility enabling people to stay connected with friends, people and surroundings.
SpringSource offers a Java application framework that enable companies to build highly scalable and mission-critical systems.
An online tool for families.
http://www.sharkstrike.com/Rss.aspx?Cont
Mixcloud is an online radio channel providing radio content and DJ music.
Telnic is an England-based company that acts as the registry operator and sponsoring organization for the .tel top level domain.
Nozbe is the company behind Nozbe web application for getting things done. The company is devoted to creating a whole array of
TheTin has been creating digital solutions for a variety of clients across different business sectors since 2001.
Rememble is an online service that allows users to create, view, enhance, share and even co-create life stories.
Hyperactive Media develops brand experiences for lifestyle companies across multiple forms of media.
NEXTA Media, an Italian internet publisher, owns a network of thematic websites on infotainment and sports, such as Film.it and Stile.it.
Below the Line is a newspaper that strives to be the editorial voice of the crew. A publication that mirrors the attitude of the
Anvato is a video software platform that creates multiple adaptive bitrate streams for uninterrupted playback on any device or website.
The Clinplus Suite of products offer solutions designed to help your team expedite clinical trials.
Bermi labs is a provider of Web applications based in Barcelona, Spain.
The Inteq Group is a worldwide provider of business and systems analysis training and consulting services.
Tagga is a technology and services firm that maintains cross-channel campaigning software to integrate social, web and mobile technologies.
Zorap offers a media-agnostic multi-point sharing and communication service that facilitates real-time participatory calls on the internet.
NeoMedia Technologies offers tools that enable print and broadcast media to become interactive with their target audiences.
RentMineOnline develops referral management tools for the apartment rental markets to connect with others via social networks.
A Phweet is a shortURL that makes conversations and conference calls possible between Twitter friends and across other social networks.
Six Degrees Games is a video game and virtual world publisher.
Headquartered in Singapore, Garena is a leading online and mobile entertainment provider in Southeast Asia.
BiggerBoat is an online advertising network focused on advertising online through entertainment.
RichRelevance is a retail marketing services company enabling manufacturers to make cost-per-click bids from retailers.
Worth1000 is an online community of more than 200,000 digital artists.
Atari produces, publishes and distributes interactive entertainment software for gaming platforms.
Appnovation creates high performing, feature-packed web and mobile experiences, delivering robust and complex enterprise-level solutions.
Airbnb is an online community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book accommodation around the world.
Hunch is a website designed as a collective intelligence decision-making system that connects people on the web based on their interests.
Siemens is a multinational engineering and electronics company involved in the fields of industry, energy, transportation and healthcare.
Near is a free software application. It renders detailed and accurate 3D replicas of real world cities, presented using advanced video game
Dezeen is a architecture and design blogs on the internet. A year after their launch in fall of 2007, they have garnered almost 2 million
designgeist aims to inspire it's readers by publishing extraordinary designs or concepts. designgeist launched unofficially in April 2008
StocksMantra is a collaborative stock picking platform aiming to create social network of rich investors.
Colorjinn builds advanced applications for color visualization. Not everyone can form a realistic image when presented with color samples.
Momondo is a travel metasearch engine enabling users to find and compare prices on airline tickets, hotels, cars, and travel deals.
ngmoco is an American-based publisher of video games for iOS and Android platforms.
Halogen Software offers web-based solutions for performance review, compensation management, succession planning, and 360-degree feedback.
XB Labs experiments with web, desktop, and iPhone applications in a variety of fields.
Uberflip aggregates content to create a tailored experience that helps marketers boost engagement and generate more leads - no IT required.
HAM-IT helps service providers improve their customer acquisition and day-to-day customer interactions.
The RatherGather Network aims to bring current and interesting news to your fingertips in a simple way.
Coaxis ASP seeks to help companies increase productivity and work efficiency with their Enterprise Level Security & Technology.
Konamoxt is a new media company, that integrates community, tools, and content created by everyday enthusiasts and topic experts.
Compubase is an internet services company based in the Netherlands.
Local Marketers provides advertising services to small and medium companies.
NFT develops a distributed networking technology for the real-time broadcast of audio and video media over the internet.
Jupiter Research provides analysis and advice to companies on the impact of internet and consumer technologies on their business.
Bringing content that matters to you.
Covarity is a developer of post-origination commercial loan monitoring and analysis solutions for financial institutions.
ParkVu offers Music WithMe, a dashboard that offers a continuously updated stream of recently shared music represented by album cover art.
Formed in 1996, privately held MeterNet integrates and markets Web Programs & Tailored Services.
Edenbee is an online movement focused on maintaining awareness of key social and environmental issues.
We are a creative business partner. We work with companies to invent and reinvent their businesses to unlock growth.
swindlr llc., is launching its first product, zappn.com, in May 09' which lets users connect through the media they capture at the events
Doodle is an online event scheduling tool for planning and allocating time for events such as meetings, dinners, and reunions.
LeisureLogix offers RoadTrip Wizard, an application built on technology that marries trip booking, location-based content and navigation.
Avanquest Software is a developer and publisher of consumer software and business solutions.
Hihera is a service that offers communication, storage and sharing, all in one place. Keep customers, coworkes classmates in a custom domain
InstantBull aggregates stock message board sites into one location.
Paragon Software Group (PSG) is a software developer focused on two dynamic growth markets.
Forces365.com is a social network website for the ex and serving men and women in the Armed Forces.
Fill out your Oysterpass. Your Oysterpass will show your friends or the visitors of your blog or website your social activities at the
Manas is an IT company committed to the development of innovative and creative high-end business systems.
iKnowHow advises creative businesses on which digital technologies to work with, and how to work with them.
CompareAway is a price comparison site offering agent-managed holiday rentals with real-time pricing and availability.
Agdersoft is a web design agency headquartered near Tvedestrand, Norway. Agdersoft provides services in the area of design and technology
Squiz is a global technology and strategy business that drives digital transformation for its customers.
B3B is an online intelligence unit for banking and financial professionnals. B3B provides aggregated news and analysis for professional
AbeBooks, an Amazon subsidiary, is an online marketplace for new, used, rare and out-of-print books from thousands of sellers.
Techvibes is Canada's leading technology news site, events calendar, and job board.
Suite101 is a collaborative publishing site based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Biblio is a place to buy used rare and out of print books. They bring over 5500 booksellers together from around the world, and offer over
Alibris is an online marketplace offering new and used books, music, movies, and rare and collectible titles.
NuZoo Media is a Chicago based multimedia and communications agency. NuZoo offers web and graphic design, video production, database
BookFinder.com is a vertical search website that helps readers buy books online.
FillZ was founded in 2003 by Miron Cuperman, Vladimir Cuperman and Jie Zhang. Initially, the web-based solution was developed to assist a
LocalPrice is a shopping website for everyday services such as dentists, locksmiths, movers, and pest control.
Passlogix provides fast and secure access to enterprise resources with their flagship product; the v-GO Access Accelerator Suite.
SPSS provides predictive analytics software and solutions for survey authoring and deployment, data mining, and text analytics.
EasyLobby was founded in 1997 to provide the first comprehensive software solution for electronic, secure visitor management.
Your Policy Manager provides an online data store for users to keep track of their insurance policies.
Dataupia offers Satori Server, a server storage and optimization software platform packaged as a single data warehouse appliance.
FOX Networks is an international advertising network and an online division of FOX International Channels.
Imprimí GRATIS Cupones de Descuento desde tu Propia Computadora en Argentina!!! CuponesOnline.com es el sitio Nº1 de beneficios y
Site Meter provides counter and tracking information tools and services for web sites.
Greenling is an online grocery store offering local delivery services for organic and locally-grown foods.
Conductor is the leader of web presence management, and the makers of the organic marketing technology platform, Conductor Searchlight.
Art & Logic is a custom software development firm that develops web apps, media software, desktop apps, embedded systems and more.
Informacije is croatian company founded in 2005. Their mission is discovery, collecting exposing information through their web services,
GSN is a multimedia entertainment company offering original and classic game programming via its TV network and online games sites.
Icebox, Inc. operates as an Internet animation studio. It engages in animated programming activities to develop animation series. The
Locaid is a LaaS-based company providing a gateway for mobile location data.
ICPA has been providing global companies with executive recruitment services since 1992. Our consultants have years of experience
YouGoDo is an online activity planning portal that helps users find activities of interest.
Big Red Zebra is a small, Location-Based Services (LBS) provider, based in Frankfurt Germany.
Digital magazine content publishing and distribution. I started LUmal.com as a personal BRAND, the first blog. Used it as a vessel 4
Solarplaza.com is the independent global platform for knowledge, trade and events for the photovoltaic solar energy (PV) industry.
FuseMail, LLC is an innovative provider of outsourced e-mail, serving hundreds of thousands of people worldwide.
Logia Group distributes mobile content and value-added services.
Half.com is a person-to-person online marketplace.
Digital Stampede is a web company specializing in crowdfunding technologies. Their flagship product is Cameesa. A crowdfunding community
Pluit Solutions is web application development and design house run by Herryanto Siatono, infused with Ruby On Rails (RoR).
aNobii is a social network that allows readers to shelve, find and share books with other users.
D2 Creative specializes in website design, e-commerce & application development and internet marketing.
WebStarts is everything you need to build and maintain your very own free website. This includes your web address, hosting, and website
FaceYourManga is an application that allows users to create and design avatars for themselves and others.
Nesting.com is a social network that meets a personal assistant, targeted towards parents. Centralizing their life, Nesting.com allows moms
Pelotonics provides a web-based software solution focused on the management of simple projects.
CraveOnline is a lifestyle website that provides digital media content for male audiences.
Avengina is a realtime 3D graphics engine and one of a currently few Java applets which access the OpenGL as their graphics API.
CarOcean is a service that offers searching and access to advertisements from the most popular moto sites in one place.
CarsDirect.com is an online platform allowing users to buy, sell and insure new and used vehicles.
BrightHouse, an online auto- shopping, research and pricing tech platform, offers internet-integrated commodity price protection products.
Pricelock is an online platform for buying and selling oil, gas, power, coal, and other energy-related products via auctions and listings.
Lanyon Meetings provides powerful strategic meetings management technology.
Tunestory is a social network built around music podcasts that allows you to easily get new music on you iPod.
News and detailed information on how the property market works in various countries around the world.
OurExplorer is a website for booking professional, local and private tour guides.
GetYourGuide is a booking platform for tours and activities, offering a variety of travel experiences through their global supplier network.
Vantage Media, an advertising tech company, develops a real-time bidding platform for the insurance, home services and education verticals.
innoPath Software provides mobile device management technology to wireless operators and mobile device manufacturers.
OZ Communications provides consumer mobile messaging software.
RadioFrame Networks is a supplier of targeted base-transceiver station solutions.
Entone Technologies provides solutions that integrate TV, whole-home DVR, web media services, media sharing and place shifting.
Groupspeak is a provider of chat-filtering and live updating services.
SothinkMedia is a professional video, DVD and multimedia software and service provider.
WORKetc is a cloud-based platform for business management solutions for small and medium-sized businesses.
Qualiteam is an IT company specializing in e-business-focused technology solutions.
Sharethrough is a software company that powers in-feed, native ads for premium publishers & brand marketers.
Workonmynetwork.com is in the business of providing services for IT infrastructure management.
Edmoz Directory has over 450 categories and updates it's links every 12 hours by a professional editor .
iDevelop is a software company that provides on-demand business solutions. iDevelop AD is based in Skopje, Rep Macedonia and is traded
Kantega is an IT consultant company developing custom solutions based on Web services for large corporations and government.
Elfwood is a fantasy and sci-fi community with strong focus on user submitted art and fiction.
youCharades.com - It's all about playing Charades online and guessing the act. Users can play charades and challenge their friends to guess
Terapeak provides market research solutions that enable eBay and Amazon.com sellers to create successful listings.
A UK-based community for software engineers and web developers. Founded in 1999, the site has an active community base of over half a
Since 1975, Omega has been providing integrated Financial and Practice Management systems to mid- and large-size law firms nationwide.
EscapadaRural operates an online platform that provides information about rural houses in Spain.
AYCE Internet is a Toronto based Internet Consulting Firm. Specializing in high quality, custom solutions that help companies establish or
Moneybackjobs launched with the goal of creating a more fun and hip job search tool. With dissatisfaction from Job Seekers towards
Quova enables businesses to geographically locate their website users for advertising and product customization activities.
Pwned is composed of real gamers who just wanted to build a place for everyone to enjoy and play games with others who play the same games.
Plastic Logic Germany leads the way in developing, manufacturing and commercializing flexible electrophoretic displays (EPD).
Tickex is a search engine for tickets to live events - concert, theater, and sports. In one search, Tickex gives people looking for tickets
TicketStumbler is a search engine and comparison website for the secondary ticket market.
2Peer.com is a Private Internet solution where one can communicate and share with their friends & family.
CycleBiker is an online biker dating and motorcycle social network for bikers. They offer customizable profiles, biker events and biker
Paymo is a payments network allowing consumers to buy and pay through their mobile phone.
Yelp for Music - with voting and fun interaction built in. Currently a Facebook app, destination site coming Fall/Winter 2008.
Intelliverb is a search engine technology startup, inventor of the full content base algorithm PageScale.
Everything you need to bring your creation to life Connecting creators, advisors, and the marketplace.
Brilliant Telecommunications designs, develops and distributes network timing, management and synchronization solutions.
DailyCandy is a daily email newsletter and website delivering editorial content for fashion and lifestyle-conscious women.
InChairTV is a patient entertainment and marketing system for use in the dental chair. While patients are being treated, InChairTV allows
KallOut is a new way to search using only your mouse. KallOut brings selection-based search to any web page, email, presentation, document,
WirelessGround is committed to providing a full line of quality cell phone and PDA accessories and products at an affordable cost.
Heekya is a social storytelling platform that allows users to integrate images, videos, sounds and words together to create stories.
Mloovi is a tool which allows blog owners to publish their blog in 35 different languages. It also allows users to translate any RSS feed
Everyclick is a search engine that helps users raise money for charity.
OfficeDrop is searchable cloud storage for paper and digital documents allowing users to scan paper to the cloud.
Consist International, Inc. operates as an information technology vendor. It provides systems software, consulting and outsourcing
Rentalo is a worldwide travel accommodation online directory and search engine. Rentalo helps travelers to easily and quickly find and
ididwork is an online tool enabling employees to keep track of the work they do over time.
GreenCine is an online DVD rental service. GreenCine's inventory is focused on independent, foreign, arthouse, anime, and otherwise
Popcuts is a unique online music store. DRM-free songs are sold for 99cents, but every time a song you bought sells, you get a cut of the
Dig N' Swap is a great way to swap fashionable clothing and accessories with people who share your passion for fashion.
CodeSense provides bespoke website and software development. They built the music social media website, MySongCast.com. MySongCast is a
GoodSearch is an e-commerce platform enabling users to contribute money for social causes through their purchases.
SkyGrid offers a platform that provides web-scale infrastructure to help people connect with things they are passionate about.
Radiopaq ranks radio stations and podcasts in their order of popularity .
Enigmatec Corporation offers automation solutions for physical and virtual resource management.
Dynatrace is the innovator behind the new generation of Application Performance Management.
retaggr is a widget-based service that enables web users to link all their site-based profiles into a single, interactive business card.
SiteAdvisor maintains a database of websites that tests for spyware, adware, spam, browser attacks, and online scams.
Travelzoo, a global Internet media company, publishes the best travel and leisure deals to more than 27 million subscribers worldwide.
NetQoS provides network performance management software and services that improve app delivery across complex networks.
Canwest is an international media company creates and distributes compelling content over multiple media platforms.
Monitter is a Twitter search tool, but it differentiates itself from others by allowing you to search for 3 search terms at once.
Zagg is the creator of invisibleSHIELD™, a clear thin protective cover for portable electronic devices.
SpiderOak is an online tool allowing users to back up, share, sync, access and store data using an off-site server.
Sharendipity is a software development platform enabling users to create, share and monetize software applications and components.
Propertyware offers a suite of customer relationship management (CRM) and e-commerce solutions for landlords and property managers.
Sandlot Games is a Washington-based company that develops and publishes casual and family-friendly games.
Founded in 1999, Topia Technology's products, services, and solutions help overcome the challenges inherent to complex distributed systems.
MyFrontSteps develops enterprise-level software systems for large companies.
Veveo develops intelligent conversational interfaces for mobile and video devices, and apps that are adaptable to the user's context.
CoNotes is an online job site that focuses on job opportunities within startup companies.
Jobpartners.com provides software solutions for people relationship management.
Commily is a social network for parents to connect with other families, coordinate family activities, discuss and exchange.
Treasuremytext is a Mobile 2.0 startup based in the UK. It offers a suite of both private archiving and social features around the concept
Lifebooker is a light marketing SaaS-based solution for SMBs providing marketing and yield management tools.
HelpMeTy.com - Computer Support & Web Services In 2006, Tyler Olson founded HelpMeTy.com INC.
RevJobs provides professional sales job listings. They deliver free job postings for recruiters looking to hire passive job seekers.
AccuConference offers audio and web conferencing with collaborative tools and desktop sharing.
A market leader in delivering local pregnancy information via the web and printed guide. The printed guide reaches over 1 million women in
Tubefilter produces a variety of web television content for the online entertainment industry.
Ankeena Networks develops media infrastructure solutions that deliver online media at massive scales.
RealTravel is an online community of frequent travelers who share experiences and provide recommendations via blogs, forums and photos.
EventOrb, an event management and marketing portal, provides tools and services for event organizers to help them promote their events.
911 security cameras is a solution provider company for all your digital video security camera needs.
Jam-Mobile.com is a dynamic and innovative company that focuses on the emerging area of Mobile Software for Blackberrys and iPhones.
Finally...invites, e-cards and announcements that actually look like something you'd share with your friends, colleagues and enemies.
Ecolect is a search engine for sustainable materials. They have one of the largest databases for sustainable materials.
joozip is now closed. It was derived from joozy gozzip. joozips were basically messages that can be posted by people for other people
WebSpace 4 Rent provides web hosting and domain name services.
Ambient Devices provides a complete solution to offer wireless products to consumers that make tangible interfaces to digital information.
cacatoo technologies, a joint subsidiary of Coeus Solutions GmbH and evoworkx media GmbH, is an image and video capturing software company.
Fliply offers the random element to online advertising. Users are treated to a new advert on the page every ten seconds with the option to
Insyde, founded in 2000, is a web design company located in Delft, The Netherlands. This company is specialized in website design and
Localist is an online calendar that centralizes event management, boosts awareness, and increases attendance.
WorldMate is a mobile travel app that allows its users to organize their travel plans and get real-time flight alerts.
Hyper9 provides search, management and analytics solutions for virtual infrastructure such as consolidated view and environment monitoring.
Koolanoo Group is an internet company based in China that licenses internet platforms, distributes software, and supplies online content.
Ultizen Games is a game development and offshore game outsourcing company in China, offering online, PC, Xbox360 live and arcade games.
Interspire offers on-demand software that enables service providers to deliver e-commerce, email marketing and content management services.
Cazoodle provides software and internet services to access the vast amount of data beyond the reach of current search engines.
RateMyProfessors.com, an online platform, allows students to rate and review their teachers and professors, and plan their class schedules.
School Shift is an online school resource where students can interact and share their experiences about school.
IntelePeer is a CaaS-based cloud platform providing on-demand IP communications and SIP trunking services for enterprises.
RaveMobileSafety.com offers enterprise software applications that provide protection to mobile users.
RoyaltyShare provides web-based royalty processing and reporting solutions for the global entertainment industry.
Recommnd is designed to help you get closer to your customers. A company posts a question about one of their products or services on a
Very little is known about LivePlace. Their technology may have to do with 3d gaming rendered in the cloud, which allows for superior
DimensionU is an educational video games company enabling students to practice core K-12 subjects, including math, literacy, and science.
The Wrap is a news website providing online stories on Hollywood and media businesses.
MobileAware helps mobile network operators enhance the customer experience by building mobile engagement channels.
CTdeveloping, LLC is a California based company specializing in PDF software. Established in 2002, CTdeveloping has grown to have had more
Smarter Documents for Everyone From the desktop to the cloud, over 500,000 businesses run Nitro.
InstallFree offers virtualization products that provide users with remote access to their Windows applications.
Indwell Consultancy, a recruitment services provider, helps clients increase the productivity and efficiency of their companies.
CBG provides free product comparisons of capital equipment used by manufacturing, warehousing and distribution.
Polity Research Ltd is devoted to the development of innovative information technology solutions.
RemoteDepositCapture.com was started in March 2005 in response to the growing interest in and demand for Remote Deposit Capture information
Tisho.com is an e-commerce website offering a range of customized t-shirts, iPhone covers, mugs, and stationeries.
InstantService is an application service provider of integrated chat, email management, knowledge base and lead capture solutions.
iCents.net is a Web 2.0 payment tool enabling users to earn money by joining, using or contributing to Web 2.0 websites.
Purewire is a SaaS-based web security application designed for securing business and social interactions on the web.
CareerCommons' goal is to provide better tools for candidates, companies and agencies to better navigate the technical job market.
Charles Schwabb is a U.S-based financial institution providing brokerage and banking services.
WebEx, a Cisco company, provides on-demand applications for businesses to conduct web conferencing, telework and application remote control.
magnify360 is a technology platform for optimizing traffic and paid media campaigns.
UEatCheap is a interactive website which helps you find places to eat for $10 or less. Whether traveling or moving to a new city, or going
Trafficology is a marketing newsletter, founded in 1999 by Wayne Yeager and acquired in 2003 by Nitro Marketing.
StrikeIron offers a cloud-based data quality suite offering web-based infrastructure to deliver business data to internet-connected systems.
TheWebService is a new platform for business web services. With a constantly growing market place of data providers including Dun and
Jee Carnot is a team of IITians, experts in exam preparation and learning solutions.
Recommind, an enterprise search and categorization platform, organizes, manages and distributes information from multiple sources.
Infovoom is a search engine designed for U.S. consumers. Infovoom searches only the most authoritative sites for each product category and
The #1 stats site powered by Twitter. It provides detailed statistics into your Twitter activity and followers growth.
Welcome to Mobi Technologies, Inc., the multi award winning juvenile & family safety and consumer electronics “niche product” company.
Tilzy.TV is an editorial guide to webshows and internet video. With a critical eye, Tilzy.TV provides regular reviews of original online
Centrify secures enterprise identities against cyberthreats that target today’s hybrid IT environment .
Widgetlabs is an app agency that creates driving viral campaigns across diverse devices and eco-systems.
SMBLive provides solutions designed to help small businesses generate leads and increase sales.
ProjectX builds smart online map technology. They specialize in building online mapping tools such as apis, geocoders and visualisation
Directed Edge provides real-time suggestion lists to the online customers of businesses websites.
BCC Research is an information resource producing market research reports, newsletters, and conferences.
Jazztel is a telecom that operates in Spain offering triple play services.
Offering highquality casino parties and casino night rentals. Includes genuine professional gaming cheques and some of the best equipment
Likewise Software provides identity management solutions to achieve security compliances of businesses in mixed network environments.
GoldMic, a hip hop social network, allows individuals to upload video and audio content and collaborate with other hip hop enthusiasts.
Integrate powers customer acquisition by connecting media programs and prospect data with marketing and sales systems.
JobSyndicate is a job posting portal designed to connect companies with qualified candidates.
Frogmetrics offers a touchscreen mobile device to gather customer feedback, enabling companies and researchers to capture data in real-time.
Snipd is a web-based application that enables users to save and share online content as they surf.
BackType is a marketing intelligence platform powering social features and helping businesses understand the impact of social media.
Axiom Software develops web-based HR software, including skills, aptitude and personality tests, assessments and screening tools.
College made easier for students. Enterprise college recruiting software for employers.
ModernMethod develops topical community-oriented websites lead by staffed editors. To date, they have built sites about video games, anime,
Pioco is an innovator in outdoors advertising space. The company, which is headquartered in Shanghai, with offices in Beijing, GuangZhou,
Innotas provides cloud-based IT governance and portfolio management solutions for IT organizations.
HitMeLater allows you to forward any email to 24@hitmelater.com and it will send it back to you 24 hours later, putting it on the top of
East Bank Club opened its doors on December 15, 1980 with 3,000 members and 100 employees. At that time, building an exercise, recreation
1Cast is a broadcast news and information delivery platform distributing professionally produced content in a personally relevant format.
Stack Exchange is an online network of community-driven question and answer sites for programmers and software developers.
Performancecasttv is live video performance website enabling bands the ability broadcast their gigs live, including rehearsals.
Skrill is an e-commerce platform that facilitates online payment transactions for businesses and individuals.
If you want to know how many people read the post you wrote yesterday, then you will want to use Statzen.
DeNA is a platform providing social games, e-commerce and other web services for PCs and mobile devices.
myJambi establishes a service-based community by connecting providers with buyers, enabling them to market their products.
PrepHub is a community based around user contributed GMAT, LSAT and SAT test prep questions.
DigitalReveNew is an independent web marketing consulting agency. Their goal is to provide highly qualified competences and innovative
Enigmo is a web start-up, based in Shibuya, Tokyo. The company offers various web services for both the wired Internet and cell phones.