Wetpaint offers an online social publishing platform that helps digital publishers grow their customer base.
Zoho offers a suite of business, collaboration and productivity applications including Customer Support, CRM, App Creator and more.
Digg Inc. operates a website that enables its users to find, read, and share the most interesting and talked about stories on the internet.
Facebook is an online social networking service that enables its users to connect with friends and family as well as make new connections.
Omnidrive provides online storage facilities that allow users to access, edit and share their files via a web browser.
Geni is an online community of genealogists collaborating to help individuals build their own family trees.
Flektor is a mash-up platform that enables consumers to create, remix, and share photos and videos on the internet.
Fox Interactive Media is a network of companies in the industry of media; news, education, and information services.
Twitter is a global social networking platform that allows its users to send and read 140-character messages known as “tweets.”
StumbleUpon is a discovery engine that finds and recommends personalized web content to its users.
Gizmoz develops proprietary patented 3D and animation technology to let users express themselves by creating realistic 3D characters.
Scribd is a digital library, featuring e-book subscription services on iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet.
Slacker, an interactive internet radio service company, enables customers to discover and listen to songs and other programs.
Lala, an online music discovery platform, allows users to create shareable playlists and stream, upload and purchase music tracks.
Helio, a mobile service that targets multimedia services for the youth market, runs a high-speed 3G network.
eBay, an online auction and e-commerce marketplace, enables people and businesses to buy and sell a wide variety of goods and services.
Wis.dm is a social network based around simple yes/no questions whose vision is to match up potential friends and create interest groups.
MeetMoi is a location-based dating site enabling members to meet others based on preferences and proximity.
Postini offers solutions that protect companies from malicious internet attacks.
Joost is an internet TV service that uses peer-to-peer TV (P2PTV) technology to distribute content.
To be able to contribute to society and to help those in need to build a better life, that is the ultimate meaning in life.
CBS8.com is an online platform that offers the latest news and information from San Diego.
Viacom is an American media conglomerate specializing in cable, satellite television networks and cinema.
Babelgum is a free integrated web and mobile video content platform available on-demand to a global audience.
Plaxo is a cloud-based online address book that synchronizes, updates and unifies the user's contacts across multiple sources.
Cisco Systems is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures and sells networking equipment.
Powerset is a search engine focused on in-depth natural language processing.
AddThis provides social engagement tools, APIs and services personalizing websites for engagement, monetization and traffic boosting.
OpenX provides digital and advertising technologies that optimize a company's advertising revenue.
Mahalo is an online web directory and knowledge-sharing service that helps individuals find the best information on the required topics.
Sparter is a virtual goods exchange for buying and selling virtual currencies in games like world of warcraft and everquest.
Kyte is an online, mobile video platform for companies to attract and monetize audiences by using social web capabilities and analytics.
Time Warner is a media and entertainment company that creates, packages and delivers high-quality content via multiple distribution outlets.
Thoof is an automated news recommender that displays articles based on users' past reading history.
Jingle Networks is a provider of advertising and technology solutions for voice and mobile business search.
Hearst Corporation is one of the nation’s largest diversified media and information companies.
STRANDS develops innovative software solutions that enable financial institutions & retailers to offer personalized customer experiences.
Ning by glam media is a SaaS-based platform for deploying vibrant social communities and websites.
LifeLock is an identity theft protection company that protects its members' personal information from being used by a third party.
Wesabe is a personal finance management website designed to help users manage their daily finance.
Prosper is a peer-to-peer lending marketplace, allowing people to invest in each other in a financially and socially beneficial way.
YouTube, a video-sharing platform, allows users to upload, view and share videos, including movie and music clips and amateur content.
blogTV is a live streaming and chat community that allows users to stream for free, video chat with friends, and view live broadcasts.
Livestream, a live video-streaming platform, allows users to watch, like and share live events via a suite of hardware and software tools.
Justin.TV is an online community for users to freely create, share, and broadcast live videos.
Ustream provides a live interactive broadcast platform.
GrandCentral provides users with a single phone number that can access all their numbers, such as mobile, home, and work numbers.
Ikan is a countertop unit that allows you to keep track of groceries you'll need on your next trip.
Delicious is a social bookmarking website to save, organize and discover links on the web.
Topix is a news community connecting people to information and discussions that matter to them in U.S. towns and cities.
Gannett is a media and marketing solutions company that publishes newspapers and operates news and advertising internet sites.
Jobster is a metasearch engine with personalizable search criteria that matches individuals with suitable job listings.
Pownce is a social network enabling users to send music, photos, messages, links, events, and other files of up to 250mb to friends.
Revision3 is a multi-channel internet television network that creates, produces and distributes web television shows on niche topics.
AllPeers, a software extension, allows users to share files, folders, web page images, and links from right within their Firefox browsers.
Aggregate Knowledge is a media intelligence company that enables advertisers to reach the highest performing customers on a single platform.
Zing Systems enables users to discover, collect, manage and share playlists.
ZenZui a new mobile browser that aims to make surfing the web on your mobile device easier through widgets.
Spock is a people and public information search engine.
Wize provides product reviews and information for individuals looking to shop online.
SodaHead has closed log in access to all of it's former members. It is now run by staff members only.
Hot or Not is a dating platform and an app allowing users to select people by viewing and rating their photos.
PopSugar is an online network of websites that offers updates, trends, and tips in entertainment, fashion, parenting, fitness, and shopping.
NBC Universal, a media and entertainment company, produces and markets entertainment, news and information content for a global audience.
Jajah is a VoIP provider enabling users to make international and long-distance calls at local rates.
Skype provides a software and mobile application that allows users to make voice and video calls and chat over the internet.
Gizmo5 is a voice over Internet protocol communications network and a proprietary freeware soft phone offering IM and VoIP calls.
fring is a mobile communications service that enables free mobile group video calls, video calls, voice calls and live chat.
iSkoot is an application that extends the reach of PC calling by allowing users to make and receive PC calls using their cell phones.
EQO enables people around the world to stay connected by bridging long distance mobile calls over cheaper IP lines.
AllofMP3 is a Russian web service selling digital music at a low price with no copy protection.
Amie Street is a web-based social music store that enables members to discover, download and share music.
SellaBand is an online platform that coordinates and executes recording sessions and fan funded music projects for artists.
Funny Or Die is a comedy video website that maintains quality user generated content by keeping only the videos with high ratings.
Since its inception the Steorn team has been focused on delivering complex technologies in innovative ways.
Surphace provides contextual content tools enabling online publishers to create an engaging reader experience.
iContact provides email marketing and social media marketing software and services to small and mid-sized companies.
MeeVee provides personalized TV and movie guides based on the user's favorite actors or genres.
blinkx is an internet media company connecting online video viewers with content publishers and distributors.
Zlio is a French startup enabling internet users to start a virtual store and sell products from other e-commerce services.
Yelp is an online urban guide that helps people find recommended destinations based on the informed opinions and reviews of a community.
Jaiku is a micro-blogging and social networking site that allows users to send short messages and comment on and post updates.
Tun3r is an internet radio station aggregator and search engine. It offers one point access to audio samples, playlists and full radio
TripUp is an interactive travel community enabling members to connect with others, share their travels, and access reviews.
Coghead is a WYSIWYG database-driven app service enabling non-developers to solve problems that require programming knowledge.
Zooomr is a website that provides its users with space to share photos with other users.
SideStep is a travel search engine that generates revenue via advertising and referral fees.
Farecast is an online service that provides users with intelligent airfare predictions.
Yapta is a travel website and browser add-on for tracking and booking flight tickets, and receiving airline refunds.
Dailymotion is a video-sharing website that allows users to upload, watch and share videos.
KickApps is a social publishing platform for creating social networks with added features, video players and widgets.
RockYou is an interactive media company that owns and partners with dozens of game titles across Facebook, web and mobile.
Last.fm is an online music catalogue providing users with personalized recommendations based on their taste in music.
ConVerdge provides a white label social networking service to both large organizations and small businesses.
Haute Secure is a security company providing crowdsourced malware security software.
Pageflakes is an Ajax-based start-page and personal web portal allowing users to create their own customized homepage for the web.
Instructables is a website specializing in user-created and uploaded do-it-yourself projects.
Squid Labs was founded in early 2004 by four passionate scientists & engineers. The vision of Squid Labs: Bring in consulting & contract
Netvibes provides a platform that enables people to personalize and publish their daily digital lives.
Swivel provides a service for visually sharing data.